Module 1
Po Shen Loh Lecture 1
Speaker: Trying to solve some real problems for real people. And that's my main driving force for what I do. But in order to do that, you need to have money. And so we use the method of entrepreneurship to have enough money to try to solve social causes. It's not quite a nonprofit because even though the goal is social causes, uh, we're hoping to be able to do things at much, much larger scale.
And so we didn't want, we don't want to only do things that will cost us money and require donations. For every single person we help. Instead, the question is how to create an engine so that we can make money on each person we help so that we can make more help.
Speaker 2: Great. And the first, first module is why did a mathematician become an entrepreneur?
So two weeks ago you taught fourth graders in South Carolina. So, um, what did you see in that classroom?
Speaker: One question, should I always. Answer, assuming your part is not recorded or is your part heard?
Speaker 2: Ah,
Speaker: this
Speaker 2: it'll be not heard.
Speaker: Yes. Your part not. That's why I'm always doing this. Okay. Right
at the end of last year. Oh, should I talk to that or talk to you?
Speaker 2: Oh, whatever you want. This will be better for the lecture thing.
Speaker: Yeah. So should I be talking to that or should, do you think I should talk to that or do you think I should
Speaker 3: to camera?
Speaker: Do you think I should be giving the lecture to the camera or to the person?
Speaker 3: To the camera will be the best idea. You
Speaker: think it's the best?
Speaker 3: Yeah.
Speaker: Okay. Okay. Okay. So now I can, I can do that. Okay. Sounds good. Yeah. Yeah. And then already it'll be different footage than the last one. 'cause the last one I was talking to you. Yeah. So, okay, great. Here we go.
At the end of last year, I was in South Carolina and I was doing that because whenever I'm trying to do my social entrepreneurship work. I want to understand very deeply that people who we are hoping to help, because it is a mistake to just assume that you know exactly what's best for them. Uh, you need to understand how they live.
And so I went down, went into the area we were working with, uh, that was a county where the population of the entire county was 8,000 people. And. It was, there was poverty, it was poverty, it was, it was obvious from going around, uh, that this is not a place where people are rich. You can tell based on the kinds of supermarkets that people have, and also the percent of people who had received a college education was also relatively low.
It was 15% or under. But I went in because I know that there are wonderful people everywhere. And so I went into a classroom, fourth grade classroom, and I did my usual thing, which is to ask students. Hey, what did you guys learn? Last lesson? The students thought it was natural to answer me that question because I'd been introduced to them as just a guest teacher for the day.
Mr. Pope, I intentionally made sure they didn't know that I even had a college degree, although I guess they assumed every teacher has a college degree, but they didn't know anything else about my background. I actually, for 10 years, was also the national coach of the US Olympic math team, but they didn't know that.
Anyway, so I started writing on the board what is one plus three plus five plus. Seven plus nine equals, and I was shocked because as soon as I wrote the equals sign already some kids were shouting 25. I'd actually never experienced this before because usually when I teach a class, I have to turn around and ask, what do you think?
But I hadn't experienced before. Lots of kids all jumping out, having been very, very active because somehow they wanted to learn. That's the beauty. So what I was this, this is the beginning of discovering. Well, I guess I already had. No, but this is the beginning of confirming very strongly that across all of rural America, there's a huge thirst among quite a few kids to go and challenge themselves.
Very hard learn, they're curious, they wanna be great. They just didn't have an opportunity to go and challenge themselves. So as a social entrepreneur, then I decided to work on how to help make sure this opportunity expands as widely as possible to all these people who didn't have access before.
Speaker 2: Um, could you mention like The Allendale is a town of 8,000 people with a median income of three
Speaker: 31,000 us?
Speaker 2: Yeah. 31,000.
Speaker: Yeah. Yeah, sure, sure, sure. The town was called Allendale, South Carolina, and it was part of a county. County is bigger than the town, but the county, the entire county's population was only 8,000 people. And the average income, in average household income in that county was $31,000 us, which is relatively low on the US standard.
Speaker 2: And when you became an IMO coach in 2013, you started questioning whether training only elite student was the right thing to do. What did you learn on the path from that doubt to founding? XP XPI. Is it the right xp?
Speaker: Xp. Xp? Yeah. In 2013, I became the national coach of the US International Math OMP and team.
And I still remember when I found out that I was the new coach, I was quite happy. But then I very quickly, maybe even the next day, was already thinking, what should I do with this? Because the standard thing one would do with this is to go and coach the top, top students in the us. Because the International Math Olympian team is only six people in the entire country.
The standard, the top students who performed a little bit better or a lot better or whatever it is. But I didn't wanna do that. I felt that would be too narrow. So around that time is when Khan Academy was starting to get big. Around that time was when the MOOCs, the massive open online courses were starting to get big.
And also Coursera was there, edX was there, and I started thinking. Are there ways that I can use technology to go and try to reach more people? Given that the goal I had in mind was use this national math Olympiad coach job to reach more people. Okay. I didn't know exactly what I was going to do, but I did know I was surrounded by a lot of really strong students because I was a math professor at Carnegie University.
You might know that Cardiology University has some very, very strong computer science undergraduate student. So I teamed up with a undergraduate student at the time. His name was Ray Lee and he was a student. I was actually mentoring him and at the time he was also interested in entrepreneurship. So I said, okay, well I've been preaching that one should try to think like an entrepreneur.
So, well, I've been preaching that one should think like an entrepreneur, so, well I should probably do it myself too. So I started this thing with him and we started off by doing something, which at the time I thought would work. But at the time, I really didn't have experience at the time. I thought, well, there are all of these different online ways of learning, but each one, you can only learn from the provider of that particular course.
Like there was a Khan Academy, everything is taught by K, or maybe it would watch an edX course and edX course you learn calculus from this one professor. If you don't like that professor, there might be a different calculus course by a different professor, but. What if you would want to mix and match within the course?
That's how I got this idea of xb. I said, okay, let's make a website where we go and split all of the topics apart by individual topics, and then we'll go and crowdsource and find the best way of explaining each particular topic. How would we know we let people vote? And at the time, I was inspired by a website called Stack Overflow and by another website called Quora.
So I said, surely this thing will work. Well, it wasn't that easy. If I had, if I had thought it would be hard, I dunno if I'd have dared to try. Although I, so I'm actually very happy that I thought it would be easy and it turned out to not be easy. But I also don't like giving up. So that's actually how we started.
We started building out this website. We found out that, oh, we have a problem. The people who are contributing explanations on this website lessons are the people who really love math. They're hard to understand. So, so it turns out that the people who need to learn on this website are the ones who maybe aren't super comfortable with math, but if the people who are writing all of the lessons are people who are themselves very, very comfortable with math, there's a mismatch.
So that's when we learned that we had to understand the user better. Somebody advised me, you should make sure that your team is not only a bunch of math people, get some diversity, uh, hire some people who understand design, and then the people who understand design. Turned out to understand real human beings.
This was a very, very useful part from my own development because before that a lot of the things that I had done were from first principles, I'm a mathematician. We would think about how do you prove things? What's the right thing to do, what's the optimum thing to do? What's the most efficient algorithm?
Everything was about efficiency. And then after we started having people on the team who were professionals at, uh, people, I started to appreciate, hmm. The more you can understand the actual people you're trying to help, the more likely you'll be able to create something. In some sense, the story I told about going to Allendale South Carolina to deeply understand people is something that I only became to appreciate long after starting and discovering that I'd gone on the wrong track at the very beginning.
Speaker 2: And, um, while you're visiting another countries across classrooms in completely different environments, did you notice any. Uh, repeating patterns as a mathematician. What pattern did you see?
Speaker: As I went to all of these different classrooms around the world, a common pattern I saw was that people in almost every country, maybe every country I visited, were being evaluated by exams.
Uh, this is in the US as well. In fact, in the United States, there are exams that students often take towards the end of the year or even in the middle of the year. And these exams will help the. State administrators understand the performance of various schools, but once there are exams, it creates a situation where a lot of the books and a lot of the teaching and, and the teacher's actions are designed to make sure that you do well on these exams.
Sadly, the standard exam training, uh, system, sadly, the, the standard exam training approach, which is used all around the world, is to understand what kind is, is for the instructor to understand what kind of questions are on the exam. And then to teach you how to do each of those different types and to give you lots of practice.
Of course the instructor would hope that you also know how to think, but at the same time, the instructor is generally gonna show you each of the problem types that's gonna appear, and you're gonna do a lot of practice. And then the student's standard exam taking strategy would be on the test. If you'd see a problem that you're not familiar with, you skip it.
In fact, students are being trained to not think on the exam. Notice I said on the exam, because that's what happens whenever you actually have an exam. There is a way around this. It's if use interviews, I say this because I also run a whole bunch of programs. Eventually we'll talk about live, which is the the work that I do today, which actually works.
But the live, the live program in the live program, part of it involves us having to identify highly qualified high school students. We don't use exams because we want to see how people think when they don't know what to do. So we do interviews and when we do interviews, we ask questions until it's very clear that they don't know how to do that problem and they've never seen it before.
Perfect. If there's something they've never seen before, then we actually will discuss some further, discuss further for about 15, 20 minutes until we can see how they think about something they have never seen before. That's real thinking. So what I just described here is, in a standard exam, no one will know whether you did real thinking or didn't do real thinking because all everyone knows is how many points did you get?
Which questions did you get? But in the interview, you can figure this out. So the pattern I saw around the world is because there are exams, the education system is actually focused on teaching people how to do tasks, not how to think about tasks that they have never seen before.
Speaker 2: And, um, many people define social entrepreneurship differently. So, uh,
Speaker: I want to ask one more thing. Yeah. Are you sure you want me to keep looking at the camera, or does it, does it make people uncomfortable or No? Uh, so you're sure this is what it is?
Speaker 2: I, I think it's, mm-hmm. The both ways Fine. Both ways
Speaker: fine.
Okay. I might do a little bit of, I give a little break because like sometimes people feel good if they stare at you too much, so. Okay.
Speaker 2: Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it.
Speaker: You can just
Speaker 2: look
Speaker: at me. Yeah, I'll do, I'll, I'll flip around. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Speaker 2: So, um, so defining social entrepreneurship after, like running three ventures for about 10 years.
What's your definition based on that experience?
Speaker: So I've run three different ventures. All under one roof, all under this xp because XP is the first thing we started, which is the website. And it still exists. The website is still there. People can still get math and science lessons on that website for free.
But, uh, after running XP and also no ID which was about fighting pandemics and then also live all three under this roof for about 10 years. I came to really appreciate social entrepreneurship as figuring out how to create value in the world, solving other people's problems in a way where. We get to keep some of the value and everybody who's involved all gets some gain in the entire system.
It's important that we also keep some of the value, because if we lose value on every person we help, we then are completely dependent on philanthropy. So I want to emphasize it is okay to make money. Actually, I learned this from a philanthropy. It was a life changing conversation I had with a philanthropist because I was asking him for money.
This was, oh, when did I talk to him? This was probably around the year 2019 or so. So I've probably been doing my thing for about five years and I was talking to him because, uh, by that time we actually also would get donations with kinds of work that we did, and I was experimenting with different models because actually the very first model was, let's just go make something.
Let's go and sell stuff. Let's get investors. Let's see if we can make the standard venture back. Uh, startup had a ton of users and monetized that somehow. And then I, I tried a different model, which was more the non-profit route. And then when I was talking to that philanthropist, he said, well, since you have a way of making money, because by that point we had discovered a way of making some money.
He said, since you way of making money, just make money and then use the money to do good. Actually, that's what he had done. Uh, he was, he, he was a successful business person. So he had made money, presumably that's why I was talking to him and what he commented was, if you make the money then you can spend it.
What a concept I, I'll, I'll say what a concept, because that's different from standard for-profit work and that's also different from standard non-profit work. I had actually worked with multiple non-profits before too. Because I worked with the organization, which runs the US International Math Olympian team, and my university that I work at Carnegie Mellon is also a nonprofit.
So I was very familiar with the concept of if you need money for every person you help, you need to ask for more and more and more money. And my eventual observation was for social entrepreneurship, if what you're doing really does on average make the world a better place, then you're actually creating value out of nothing.
That's true, that's actually possible. When you combine ingredients, sometimes the the whole is bigger than the sum of their parts. Two plus two equals five sometimes. In fact, that's a good thing. So I go and find the situations where two plus two equals five. I try to make sure that everyone who's involved in the whole thing, employees, partners, customers, you name it, everyone needs to get a net gain of value.
A customer can get a net gain of value even if they pay you. Because they feel like they paid you for something and they got more than what they paid out of it. Okay. So once I figure out this whole system, then on the net, on the net, we actually even gain money per person we help. That's social entrepreneurship.
Now there's, well, actually so far that's just normal entrepreneurship. What makes it social is that I happen to have control of the company. So there's a detail here, which is if the control of the company is in the hands of people who just want money. Then actually you have to be careful. Not that you have to be careful, you have to just make sure you make a lot of money.
But with what we did, we managed to reach profitability early enough that I actually still have control of the company. So the kinds of decisions that we make are not purely designed to just maximize profit. In fact, that's why I was running around to areas of the, of the world where we won't make much money, but we'll make a heck of a lot of.
Good.
Speaker 2: A lot of people want to know how. Right. So, and uh, and then why is social entrepreneurship is important right now then? Yes. Why, why is it important now?
Speaker: I think that in the age of ai, social entrepreneurship is even more important because there will be some very, very successful company. And in the old days, a very successful company would translate into wealth for normal people.
The reason is because when a company became very successful, it had to hire lots of people, and you'd hear about the big companies. Big would mean both make a lot of money and hire lots of people, and so all the people and Andrea would gain some, some, some money out of it in the age of ai. A very successful, economically successful company might be able to do it with very few people, very few employees, because it can use AI for the rest.
So then what you'd end up seeing is you'd end up seeing that capitalistic, that company did well. Uh, the investors did well, the owners did well, but it didn't trickle down too much to the rest of the people you see, because capital doesn't have a soul. Capital is just money, and the money makes more money.
Investors. Often they're controlling other people's capital. They're just making money into more money, into more money. So these days what I'm trying to do is I'm trying to teach the entrepreneurial skills to people who really do care about the world and hopefully help more of these people maybe be able to create their own ventures where they still maintain control.
And then now it's slightly different because if somebody who maintains control actually wants to do something of social good with that money, or maybe they can't. And in fact this, this is a very powerful platform. Uh, I've discovered that doing good through running a company I find to be quite powerful because the company gives us a platform to, to integrate with a lot of people.
Of course, some people became become very wealthy and then they become philanthropists and they donate money. I suppose that can also work, but I like to do it all in the context of we are creating a good, and the good is being created with a direction and a hope. A hope that we actually are making healthier world out of this.
In, in what we do with our company, our social enterprise. Everything we do, we always think, is this actually good for people? That's a fundamental question. Is this actually good for people? Or, oh, we have some more resources now. What's a good way to use these resources? Can we create, can we solve more real people's problems?
And not just ask, where are the people that will pay us the most if we solve their problems? That's why I'm running around to some of these places where there's actually relatively little amount that people can pay, but we have the power to do it, and so we will, and we'll maintain our cost, we'll maintain our net profit because, okay, I'll, I'll explain.
Actually, it turns out even if we do these things which are helping people, it turns out that the more such people we help, the more general people know that we exist, and then we will have people who have money buying the stuff. Right. So the way we work is we have customers and we also have stuff we're giving away for free.
And the more we give away for free, we somehow get more customers to know about this too. So the whole thing works.
Speaker 2: And, um, and what do you think, uh, the, what do you think is one of the best gateways for young people to enter the world of, um, business like social? Business.
Speaker: I think that this particular time in history is one of the best times for young people to get involved in business and I hope social entrepreneurship see, because these days if you have some idea, you can actually use AI to help you make the thing start to happen.
You used to need to get a lot of money invested in in order to get moving. For example, you used to have to hire a software engineer, or maybe not just one. A whole team of software engineers. Just this morning I was using Claude's, uh, anthropics Claude in order to do a whole bunch of software engineering.
It's really good. You can use AI to help you write slogans. You can use AI to help you with marketing. Pretty soon there will be AI agents, which can help you do communications. So it turns out that today you might not need to get much investment in order to get something off the ground. So the real question then becomes, can you come up with something that people would actually pay for?
Could you become profitable without losing control of your venture? I think the answer is yes. I'll give an example, which somebody told me recently, and this, this by the way, doesn't even involve ai, but I just wanna give an example of how it is possible to make money without much money. This is not a social enterprise, but it gives an idea of how maybe you could, maybe you could find some way otherwise.
And actually, regardless of whether it's social enterprise or not, this is a way of controlling your own enterprise. And then you can be social with it. So it, it was in South Carolina because I was at, uh, once I realized I wanted to grow up stuff in South Carolina, I paid a visit to the University of South Carolina.
That happens to be the state institution. Uh, for the, for that, the, the, the, the, I guess it's the most, it's the flagship state university in, in the state of South Carolina. And I was interested in hiring people because I, I, I wanted to grow in South Carolina, so I would, I wanted to hire some people who natively understood South Carolina culture and everything.
So the way I did it is I looked up the state university and I went to the entrepreneurship department and I emailed all the professors who were the leaders of the entrepreneurship center because I said, would you like to chat? I'm gonna be coming by your area. I'm happy to stop by your university and just meet you and chat.
Uh, because I'm interested in the people who they noticed as in. This is actually how I hire. I don't care what university you came from, I care more that you have a spark and these professors would know. So I was meeting with these professors and one of them told me a beautiful story. He said that one of these students that he worked with loves cars and really understands cars and the students said, interesting.
When people want to sell their own car, when, when they wanna change their car, there are two ways you can sell it yourself. In the US you can say, I list my car for sale. I will represent it. I will meet with people who might wanna buy a car and I will sell the car to you. Or you can go to a car dealer, a a a, a company which just buys and sells cars and you can sell the car to them and you won't have to do anymore, but they won't pay you very much, right?
So there's a gap, the gap between what you got if you sell your car to the car dealer, versus if you try to sell it yourself, you could potentially get a lot more. So this student said. He started a, he started a thing where he said, uh, he will help you sell your car. He will spend maybe a week trying to sell your car.
If he succeeds in selling your car, then you'll pay him some amount, but you will get at least as much money as if you sold it to the dealer, if that makes sense. It's like you, it is even better than that. It's that if you sold it to the dealer, you get a certain amount. If he helps you sell it, you'll get at least this much.
And maybe more and he'll keep some up. That was his opposite. That was his idea. This is a pretty interesting business to run because he didn't even have to make anything. He didn't have to make something first by, he didn't have to spend money, sorry. He didn't have to spend money first and then earn money on every single thing he did.
Either he made no money with his own time that he spent doing this, or he made money. And he has money right away. Do you understand what I mean? There's a, there's a direct sell buy difference. In fact, while he did this, he also learned he shouldn't operate with a fixed amount. He earns per car. Originally he was gonna earn a fixed amount per car, and he was doing that.
He was earning a fixed amount per car. And then one of the cars he sold was a Porsche. And on that one, when he saw, my gosh, I just saved the other guy this much, and he decided to change it to a percentage. Okay, so he learned. He learned a little lesson, make a, make a percentage commission instead of a fixed commission.
But nevertheless, the guy ended up making $50,000 without having to put any money of his own upfront. I save $50,000 because sometimes when college students are starting their own ventures, they will look for some seed money. Sometimes the seed money is $25,000 or $50,000. This guy managed to do something with no seed money and he just generated money.
So the idea is. Don't think first about how you make a big complicated thing where you need to spend a lot of money. First, many people hear about the glorious startups in Silicon Valley. Those are glorious, but they're always actually very mundane ways to do things too, where you don't start by having something huge, then you can maintain control of your company
Speaker 2: right now.


Module 2
Module 2
Speaker: And life. So there are good problems and bad problems. Is there a similar situation in social ventures? Like, can you share a time, uh, in the past 10 years when you realized this was a bad problem?
Speaker 2: I think the most important thing to do when you're an entrepreneur is to recognize when you're on the wrong track and stop doing that, right?
Speaker 2: Because. Unfortunately, you can spend a lot of your life going down the wrong path and you won't get that back. You don't have that much time. So definitely with things I've done, I've discovered when things were not on the right path. In the end, the way that I evaluated all of these was based on whether or not it looked like there was a way to continue this all the way through and get success.
Speaker 2: That's a little bit of me, which is a mathematician where I'm used to thinking about proofs. So I generally won't like to start something. And just say, I'll figure it out later. The problem was that early on when I started doing some things, when I thought I had a proof it was wrong, this is when I've learned that it's more important now and not, not just more important.
Speaker 2: I learned how important it is to work with people who are very different from you because they will know things that you don't. So when I started I thought, oh well, every company that gets to lots and lots of users makes money. That's what I thought at the beginning. That's actually wrong. I mean, even the xp.com website at its height, we would get half a million people coming through every month.
Speaker 2: It never made a dime. We never made any money off of it. Right? So ultimately it's, it's useful to always be thinking, are there ways that you can go through and get all of the way to success? And it's also good to understand whether, oh wait, those people are coming through, but they're only coming through and spending 15 seconds.
Speaker 2: Yes. This one we could see from Google Analytics, right? So, so with what I was doing, I could see that the thing that we had created at the very beginning, we were worried can we get enough users? And at the beginning we couldn't get enough users because we had mathematicians and math people who really liked math writing lessons for people who didn't necessarily like math that much.
Speaker 2: Well, actually not just didn't necessarily, they were having trouble with math. Okay? So that didn't work. We fixed that problem. Then we started to go up on the user path and we were getting more and more users, but the users, we didn't see a good way to convert into revenue. So unfortunately that then just wouldn't work.
Speaker 2: So unfortunately that one had to, that one had to, that one had to fold down. We still have it running on a small, small amount because it doesn't cost as much to run that server, but, okay. Other things that we found out that wouldn't work? Uh, there was the Novi thing. I started out with Novi and the Novi was because when the pandemic struck, we saw that well, there was a major need in the world, how to make sure the pandemic doesn't spread.
Speaker 2: I got interested in thinking of how to make apps work because I am a network theorist and I realized you can use apps to collect the network and with the network maybe we could help to reduce the spread of the disease. At the time, the first thing we did. Was that we made a very, very precise network measurement.
Speaker 2: We, we were using these phones and the phones would communicate with each other. If you had the app installed, we'd communicate with each other, uh, using two methods. One method was Bluetooth because you could sense the Bluetooth signal strength of another phone, and we could use that to estimate how far apart they were.
Speaker 2: This is what everyone else was doing. And you could also, we realized you could also use ultrasound. Would make the phones make a sound like a beep. A beep that you couldn't hear. So it's called ultrasound because it was beyond what a human being can hear, and then the other phone would detect how long it took for that sound signal to get there.
Speaker 2: So we then actually were advertising, we have the most accurate tracking app in the world. Actually at that time. I even, we even wanted, I even said, Hey, let's put on the display of the app. It will tell you how many meters away the other phone is. At the time, I thought this was a good thing because none of the other apps, which were doing this COVID tracking would tell you that actually, because they couldn't tell you that the systems they were using were not accurate enough to tell you that we knew that.
Speaker 2: But this wasn't catching on either. And at some point I realized, oh, part of the issue is that people don't necessarily want to know that the app acting done very well. You know, like, like telling you, we are giving you the world's most accurate tracking app. Yeah, actually that's not really that good either, is it?
Speaker 2: You know, this, this, this whole understanding of people. I developed much, much more after doing the whole pandemic thing because when we were doing the public health, we were learning people make decisions based on what is good for them. That's actually what eventually led to a breakthrough. Fortunately, when I was doing the Novi thing, uh, one of the most important people on the team, the first person that joined the team was a user experience designer.
Speaker 2: He really understood people. And as we were all discussing this stuff and thinking about it, we eventually settled on it, on, on it, on a direction which actually is valuable. So the Novi principle, which is actually the Novi app today, uh, is we, were not gonna just track you. In fact, the whole point of the Novi app is we would tell you a number and the number would be something like three and three would mean that someone just got sick and they frequently spend time with someone who frequently spends time with someone else who frequently spends time with you.
Speaker 2: You're three, actually, this is a breakthrough. Uh, all of the other apps were just telling you, sorry, you were around somebody last week. Today, that person is sick, so you need to stay home because you are a danger to other people. Ours would tell you a number. The value of a number is imagine there's a new pandemic.
Speaker 2: Imagine you find out that there's some new pandemic and it struck someone, 12 people away from you. Okay? Imagine over the next few weeks you find out it's striking people that are nine people away from you, seven people away from you, 6, 5, 4, 3. What would you do? Interesting thing is many people, if they find out it's striking closer and closer, they would say, maybe I'm gonna stay home.
Speaker 2: The beauty of it is that they're not staying home because they want to protect other people. They're staying home because they don't want to die. So we actually ended up inventing the first way of controlling pandemics with software, with apps where the app's incentive structure is to help you not die.
Speaker 2: Not to help you, not infect other people. The reason we ended up coming onto this is because we were noticing what's working and what's not working. So instead of going deeper and deeper down the, oh, we have the ultrasonic super precise Tracking people app. We pivoted to the, what does someone really want anyway?
Speaker 2: Oh, they want a way that they can stay safe in this pandemic. Let's solve their problem instead. So perhaps this, these stories that I'm telling are about. Discovering what's working, what's not working? Pivoting, pivoting, but always pivoting closer and closer to the direction of what the person actually wants.
Speaker: Um, about the pivoting, you mentioned you pivoted way too many times as XD evolved to its current form. So what was the most painful, painful pivot?
Speaker 2: Well, the most painful pivot actually was the original xp.com. We actually ran out of money, so you see the original xp.com. We were funded initially by some investors and at that point we thought maybe we could make, listen to like make an absolute ton of money in the usual Silicon Valley.
Speaker 2: Wait. Then we realized we're not gonna be able to grow that fast, and we also found out that what we were doing was. Of interest to philanthropy because we were doing good work for people. So I thought, okay, well philanthropy's even better because that's not, um, that's not with equity attached, so then you don't lose control of the company.
Speaker 2: Let's try doing that for a while. And in fact, we actually did get a big amount of philanthropy and I got very excited because I thought, okay, we can do this with philanthropy now. And then at some point the philanthropy got not interested in funding anymore. That's how I learned, Ooh, nonprofit is dangerous.
Speaker 2: Because if you ever stop getting funding, you're out. So unfortunately I couldn't get new funding on the philanthropy side. So by around January of 2020, I actually told we had to let go of a lot of our team because the original thing that we were doing was not making the, making money growth. And it was also not what the philanthropist was interested in anymore.
Speaker 2: So that was, that was painful because these are people that I enjoyed working with and unfortunately that had to end. If you look at the timeline somehow, we also got lucky because it's January, 2020, and then suddenly the whole Novi idea popped in in March, 2020. That actually got supported by philanthropy too.
Speaker 2: That's, that's the interesting thing. So the biggest pivot that we we made was from XB to Novi from January, 2020 to March, 2020. But the reason we were able to do that. It's because in 2016 December, we accidentally found a way to make some money with a totally different product, right? So, so what? What what's happening here is that there's an xp.com free website to learn math.
Speaker 2: We started that in 2014. In 2018 December, a Chinese company, a Chinese startup company, found me and said, can you make some video recordings of your math class? People will buy it. I said, are you serious? You can't sell recorded math passes. I just didn't think it would work, but they thought it would work.
Speaker 2: So I said, okay, fine, I'll try it. Uh, I was on the way to Bangladesh anyway. I was trying to go and do some other social hack stuff there, and so I stopped in Shanghai for three days to fill up something and then they actually started making money, small amount, but enough to be positive enough so that we didn't need to raise any more investment.
Speaker 2: This is actually how I know there's another way to make a company is through boots, is through bootstrapping. Because even though the original xp.com didn't go anywhere, these other things that we built, we didn't use the original investor money. We actually used bootstrapped money earned from these math classes sold in China.
Speaker 2: Actually, once I learned that that was happening, that's when I said, okay, clearly people are paying for this. How do we make better and better and better versions? Always using what we've already earned? To make the next plan. So we were very, very, very, very tight. We were very tight on money, very disciplined.
Speaker 2: If we earn money, we can use the money we've earned and try to make more money and try to make more out of it and more out of it and more out of it because we had all of that going on. What happened in January, 2020 is the main xp.com team unfortunately had to reduce down to a much smaller size. We were able to sustain some of it because we were earning money from this other thing that we had built up.
Speaker 2: We made that thing bigger and bigger, if that makes sense. And actually the other thing was online education. In fact, by that time we got to 2020, we even had stuff selling in the us. If I was a normal, just make money entrepreneur, I would never have made the no big thing. I would just have said pandemic has struck.
Speaker 2: Guess what? Industry is gonna make a ton of money. Online education. We have an online education product in the US, which is pretty darn good. I could have run off and done that thing. But I guess the social entrepreneur in me said there's a big pain point in the world. It's uh, it's the pandemic. So my sub-team that was working on that just kept that alive while I spent all my time working on pandemic.
Speaker 2: In retrospect, I'm very glad I did this because that's the only way we came up with live. The only reason I came up with live is because I spent a year and a half learning how to really care a lot about what people really need. That's because of the pandemic work. I learned a lot about making win-win situations.
Speaker 2: I learned about game theory, like the whole idea of the app, the Novi app was if people want to defend themselves, actually the action defends everyone because if the people find out the disease is getting striking people closer and closer to them, and then they hide that action, that collective action saves the world because the disease cannot spread if the people it would spread to are hiding.
Speaker 2: Yeah, that's how I started thinking about large scale theoretic systems. That's how I invented the live product. The live product is where you have win-win situation. We find high school students who are kind and really, really clever, really good at math. We incentivize them to teach by hiring professional actors who supervise them and give them real time feedback while they live stream math lessons to 11, 12, and 13-year-old.
Speaker 2: S this exchange is inherently beneficial for the older kid. It's very beneficial for the older kid because there are a lot of people in the world who are very good at math for whom, uh, learning communication skills would be good for them. Right? It helps them in their entire life. Okay? So they wanna join.
Speaker 2: And then as, as a net result, we make all of these classes, which can teach the middle school kids and the classes that we make end up being really fun. It's like they're taught by people who are a little bit older. The people are coached by actors, so they're funny. The people are super smart anyway, so suddenly we're creating a product where everyone wins.
Speaker 2: Even the actor, we give part-time, paid remote work jobs to the actors. So the, the, the, the pivots that you see here are, at first we tried to make the standard thing, get a lot of users, couldn't make money through that, pivoted over to let's run on a non-profit type way, or get money from non-profits. Get, sorry, get money from philanthropists.
Speaker 2: Oh no. Ran out of money on that, thankfully. In the meantime, we had this other thing that was making money. Thankfully, I had already talked to a guy, a philanthropist, who said, make that thing bigger because that can pay for the rest of your stuff. Okay. So that was going along, making sure that we didn't have the lights shut off.
Speaker 2: We would never go to zero. Zero, right? Because we would have something to make. Lights not shut off. We might just go slower and then pivot hard to pandemic just because of my responsibility, have to do something to help the world. I learned so much through that. Actually, the pandemic thing also ran out of money.
Speaker 2: We were doing that thing. Until we ran outta philanthropy, we ran outta philanthropy around, uh, March or April of, of, uh, of 2021 because the vaccines had been invented. And so philanthropists were not interested in funding apps. Okay? So that had to close down and instead we took the not really close down, still exists, but we couldn't do heavy r and d.
Speaker 2: And so my time then went back to the education side, and then I came up with this other thing that used all of these ideas. Now this one's good. So, so this one, this one is finally taking off.
Speaker: And can we like plan those structure from the beginning Or like how can we, like when we pivot, how, how can we set the like future standard set the standard when we pick up, like how can we do think about that structure that the, do you understand
Speaker 2: that the direction?
Speaker: Yes. At the direction, yeah.
Speaker 2: Pivoting can be scary because if you have spent a lot of time going in one particular direction saying that now you wanna switch, uh, that's, that's scary because what, what if that direction doesn't work? So I think in our situation, each of those pivots, I saw, I saw a lot of track, a lot of, a lot of runway.
Speaker 2: Runway is the wrong word because I don't just mean money, but I saw a lot of weight, a lot of, uh, a lot of value that we could gain by going in those directions. So I, I view that the job of the leader, the CEO, is actually to figure out direction. So my job is to keep evaluating, is the direction we're going on a good one?
Speaker 2: Are we gonna hit a wall? Uh, are there other directions? Can I just learn about what more people need? In fact, that's what a lot of my travel is for today. A lot of my travel today is not just to spread the word about what we do, it's to talk to lots of people so that I can have a very good idea of what people really think.
Speaker 2: Like when I started out. I didn't know that much about how the decision structure was in the education system and the bureaucracy today, I do. That means that today whenever I come up with a new idea, I can run it through in my mind and imagine if I did this, how would everyone react? This is essential when thinking about the pivots because if I go and pivot and go this direction, I need to start to think, okay, suppose we do this?
Speaker 2: What would happen? What kind of customers are there? Are they really customers? Are we really solving their problem? Are we, are we really solving their real problem? Or should we go and even do a different pivot that will solve their real problem better? If I didn't have an understanding of the customers, the partner, the partners, the government, and everyone else, then it would be very hard to say, now let's go in this direction.
Speaker 2: That would be randomly, randomly jumping around.
Speaker: And how do you judge when, uh, well, in. Tension, the solution is failing. Like how many months or how many users, what metrics tell you it's time to stop working. But
Speaker 2: how to know when something's not working is a bit of an art. But it's also, it's also whether you see a way of, right. So, so I guess I will always be looking at trends.
Speaker 2: What's happening? Are we getting more people coming in? Do I expect there to be that many people who will come in? How many people are there? Anyway, I'll be, I'll be asking all of these kinds of questions. What percent of the people would be interested in what we're doing? Uh, I would, I would travel around and talk to people and try to estimate these ideas.
Speaker 2: So to me, the time to do the pivot is when you see it really won't work. Where you might even be able to have a, a proof of why it won't work. This is the mathematician image. Of I, I just don't, I don't see that there are enough people who would take the action that we want them to take. And also I see that in this pivoted direction, I see that there are enough people who would take the action we wanna take.
Speaker 2: I do see there's enough money that we will be able to make this will work.
Speaker: Last question. You mentioned this earlier, but it's about net. Drug theory. So you've said helping 10 people versus much more people isn't just a difference in scale. It's a difference in structure. So from a network theory perspective, how would you explain this and how did you apply this to life?
Speaker 2: When I became the national coach of the math team, I really intentionally wanted to help more than just a few people. And so. Actually, even before that, a lot of work I had been doing was helping a few students at my university. So I would always be looking at the people in front of me. Uh, the whole point, I guess, of entrepreneurship is to scale stuff.
Speaker 2: I think that's the point. And so at that stage, it cannot just be that I do everything myself. So then I started to think, what are ways to do this? There are people who try to do this through technology, maybe recording videos of themselves and then letting everyone see those videos. But I guess because I'm a network theorist, I, I like to think of ways that.
Speaker 2: I can use my abilities to construct a network or to to, to cause a network to come together. And then the network itself has value. It goes back to a statement I said earlier, which is the very non mathematical two plus two equals to five. Funny thing is I go through life always looking for where is two plus two equals to five.
Speaker 2: I want to find all of these. And one such place is when you bring people together. A very simple example of why is because you could imagine that there's a person over here. Who has too much of one thing and not enough of a second thing, then you could imagine there's another person who has not enough of the first thing and too much of the second thing.
Speaker 2: They're opposite. So if you can find these two people, if you introduce them to each other, they will thank you because they will just go switch. Right. The one that is too much one will give to the one who's not enough and the other way around. In fact, they might even pay for it and they're thankful to you.
Speaker 2: You've created value two plus two is now five. So that's the value of a network in the simplest way. For one link, I like to think of how you can wait, build even bigger links. It gets more sophisticated if there's three people, and somehow what each person needs is what the next person has extra of, but they need what the next person has extra of.
Speaker 2: So it's like a triangle. It is not like a simple two thing. Or it can get even more complicated situations where with all of these different people, between all of them, their needs and their wants, balance where everyone gets a net gain. So I saw that the value of the world, not the value of the world, but I saw that you can create a lot of value by creating a network instead.
Speaker 2: And that's how I came to the idea of live. Because with live, we can find all of these interesting high school students, then they pair up. We actually, we pair them up. So they always teach their classes. In Paris, there's two high school students live streaming to teach a whole bunch of middle school students in the same classroom.
Speaker 2: Not a whole bunch, like 30 in the same classroom. And then, uh, as they do these teaching together, the two of them make friends. Now you have a, now you have a new network connection. So as all of this goes on forward, these people, as they grow up, will have so many more opportunities created because now they know other, other great people.


Module 3
Module 3
Speaker: Enterprise was a product and the live is a paid service. So those kind of like that has different structures. So could you explain it in one table? Like what is non-profit and what is hybrid and what is for profit?
Speaker 2: I do a bunch of different things that are, they're actually all under one umbrella, so I have this, XP is the big organizing company for all of them.
Speaker 2: It's actually a for-profit company. So XP is a for-profit company. And so underneath it, we can have all kinds of different things. We do have an xp.com website. We actually also have that Nova app, and we also have the live classes. The live classes. Interestingly enough, under them, there's two kinds of live classes.
Speaker 2: One kind of live classes are the students are the ones where the students pay for the classes. We charge 23 US dollars an hour for the classes, which actually is pretty good because the people teaching the classes are really, really, really smart and also very entertaining. And the classes themselves teach you things that you'll never be able to find in a nor in a normal school.
Speaker 2: So that one we make money from. And then the live, we also have another bunch of classes where we give them away for free. These are the ones that are going into inner cities. Uh, these are like big cities, uh, lower income neighborhoods. And we also have the classes going into free to rural kids. And we are about to open some classes going for free to Africa too.
Speaker 2: But, so all of this lives under this xp, this for-profit company. Uh, the relevant thing is that I personally still control XP in terms of equity and in terms of equity perspective. Now we are able to receive philanthropic donations. Also, the way that works is that there's a separate 5 0 1 C3 nonprofit. 5 0 3 is the American language for non-profit registered charity.
Speaker 2: That one, very importantly, I don't control. Otherwise that would be a self-dealing issue. So there's a separate non-profit entity, which is in, in the same city I live in, it's Pittsburgh. They are our fiscal sponsor. So what that means is when someone wants to donate to the causes that we're doing, they actually donate to that charity.
Speaker 2: Now that charity then buys the contracts, us to do the work. For example, we're giving away free classes. How does that work? Well, donations will go in. Well, we, we use some of our money to give away the free classes, but there's also a lot of donations which come in, which, like what we're doing, the, the donations go into the nonprofit.
Speaker 2: The nonprofit then pays us, and then we deliver the free classes. The easiest way to understand this flow is there are often situations where people will donate laptops to schools. You might have heard of this, that there might be schools which. Uh, they don't have as much technology, and so somebody will donate money to the schools so that they can get laptops.
Speaker 2: The way that always works is that the money donates to a nonprofit entity. The nonprofit entity then buys laptops from Apple or from Google. Apple and Google are for-profit entities, but they just happen to make really good laptops that are well suited and good priced, uh, well priced for this particular market.
Speaker 2: And it happens to be that the non-profit. Made the decision. The best vendor to source for these laptops is Apple or Google or whatever. So our situation is that we just make the best from a cost perspective and a quality perspective. Advanced math lessons for people who are looking for more challenge in middle school, and then the non-profit entity chooses us to deliver those services.
Speaker 2: So that's how all three of these things sit together.
Speaker: And how can we, uh, how can someone apply this lesson to their business idea? Like, uh, when choosing those three, do you have any decision making framework?
Speaker 2: Yeah, I think, well, the, the xp, the no I and the live, those three things happen to exist just because those were the natural problems that we were solving.
Speaker 2: You don't need three different things. Actually, one of them live is the important one that's, that's happening. And actually the live happens to make enough money that it also pays for XB at this point. So we, we xb, we have a little bit still happening is paying for that. Uh, Novi. We also pay for through the life.
Speaker 2: So these, these two things which are like the do good stuff, we are actually just paying for ourselves, right? So the important thing is we have a thing that can make money. The maybe important takeaway from this is it is actually possible to get philanthropic dollars for work that you're doing in your company.
Speaker 2: If what you're doing is you're delivering it to groups that would otherwise not have bought it for some reason. Right. So what we do is we actually make a commercial product that people will buy because they think it's great. In fact, our customers include many people who might even be watching this video because we have lots of Silicon Valley folks who buy this, right?
Speaker 2: So what happens is that there are lots of parents who are working in, let's say AI companies or whatever, and they know that the future of education is not being addressed by, uh, the school system. Not because the school system's fault, just because the education system's not updating right. I don't wanna blame justice, the school system.
Speaker 2: I'm saying the whole system all the way up to the state standards and all that, that's not changing. So it happens to be that what we make is just compelling so that people wanna buy it because we have that discipline to make a product that people will actually buy. Interestingly enough. Uh uh and also keeping the price point low, interestingly enough that it's easier to make a case for nonprofit that to the nonprofit that this is the best way to spend those dollars because.
Speaker 2: You know, if, if a nonprofit was buying laptops for a school, they wouldn't wanna buy overpriced bad laptops. They wanna buy them from people who know how to make laptops good, uh, make good laptops, and also make them cost efficient. So that would be, I think that would be the lesson on that side. But I think the bigger lesson is just can you reach profitability without losing control of your company?
Speaker 2: That's probably the bigger point, because the, the main thing is if you have lost control of your company. And then you start doing the stuff like giving away free stuff. You're gonna have to deal with some investors asking you why exactly are you doing that? Even if it makes long term financial sense, it could be that doing that you'll make even more sales later, but maybe the investor is shortsighted.
Speaker 2: You never know. So the control becomes important.
Speaker: How can we maintain that
Speaker 2: control? Yeah. So now this is the part that gets interesting. It, the way you raise money at the very beginning matters a lot. Uh, there are different instruments that you can use to raise money. One of them is called a convertible note.
Speaker 2: One of them is called, uh, safe Simple Agreement for Future Equity. There might be other agreement, other other methods by now, 'cause we didn't do this for, we haven't done this for a while. The convertible note is tough because if you have that, what that means is that you actually have a loan and you have to pay back the loan.
Speaker 2: And if the loan expires. You're actually out of you, you're, you're in huge trouble. There's an expiry date. Every loan has a maturity date that has to keep getting pushed back. That's tough. Uh, if you can get fundraising in the other vehicle safe, there's no expiry date, but then you better find a way to get profitable fast.
Speaker 2: So a mentality that sometimes, uh, founders have is they just heard that what you do is you raise enough money for two years of runway and then you spend it. And then they're expecting by the end of it to raise more money for the next bit. Every time you raise money, you lose control of your company. So what I would say is to have a greater discipline on how do we actually make money as opposed to let's just go and build this thing.
Speaker 2: The investors are happy that you're getting growth, but there's not actually revenue. It's have this very firm look on revenue. Uh, we have a very firm look on revenue simply because we don't want any more invest. So we have to make sure that we have revenue in order to pay for the next growth.
Speaker: And, um hmm. Can you talk more about MVP? Like
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker: Uh, defining MVP. How do you like, strip down a massive social mission to a, into a. Absolute small as anything like, and that can be tempted. Today,
Speaker 2: I've been talking about some social ideas, and indeed actually the social idea I'm trying to push is a pretty big one.
Speaker 2: I'm trying to make a more thoughtful world, which is people who really like people, they're thoughtful people, but I also spell thoughtful of two Ls. That means they're full of thought. They like thinking that's a huge mission and connecting that to an MVP, that one can build. Uh, that's, there's a, there's a long, long, long path there, but I think having a mission is useful because it can give you a direction to move in.
Speaker 2: And I guess what I saw is, given that that's direction we wanna move in, education would be the place that we can do something here. Uh, teaching people how to be good at thinking is something that we can make money on. Teaching people how to care that other people care about other people is actually harder to make money on.
Speaker 2: That's, that's tough. But teaching people how to be good at thinking somehow that can help them get a job too. It's, it's dual use. So then what we did is we said, we'll go and make that product. We'll make that product as, as, as strong as possible, make it as compelling as possible at the same time that po that that product is going to be laced with this.
Speaker 2: And we're gonna, we're gonna also put in all of this philosophy that we also want you to be a person who likes other people. That's not actually where we're making our money. Maybe that's where the social part of the social entrepreneurship is coming in. We're putting that in as well. Yeah, but it was by taking the big goal and saying what is a, what is a very particular piece?
Speaker 2: Teaching people how to think, okay, now suppose you wanna teach people how to think, what kind of a class structure will do that? That's, that's how we came up with our, our MVP. Our MVP was a livestream class structure discussion where, uh, you are the one who says ideas. Now we thought about how can you make this work on an internet call?
Speaker 2: How do you make it actually interesting? If it's too minimum, it won't be interesting to people that you won't sell anything. So I also had to think, how can I make something that is fundamentally different from what everyone else already has? On that one, I realized this idea of, oh, let's combine performing arts and math.
Speaker 2: No one's done that quite before. That's how it took up Got.
Speaker: So could you tell me the very first version of Live, like
Speaker 2: the very first version of Live was two high schoolers. With probably about 20 ish students that they were teaching, and we didn't really know what we were doing because we had just started.
Speaker 2: But I did have a strong sense this would work because we gave the high school students improvisational comedy classes first. We already knew that the number of math people who know improvisational comedy is low. So we knew that this would already be unusual. Uh, these math, these high school students were very nice people who were also really, really clever and we knew that that would be a win-win for them because learning this improvisation comedy is a good thing to, good thing to learn for their own good as well.
Speaker 2: Actually, one of the most, my oldest daughters, one of those high school students was my oldest daughter. That's how I knew it would be very good for them, because she was pretty good at math. And I could see that learning the communication skills would be good. We actually had four high school students.
Speaker 2: The one class was my daughter and someone else. The other class was just two other people. Actually, one of them was not even a high school student, one was an eighth grade kid. So, so we had these, we had these four people and they were each teaching 20 people. And I guess because I had that, I had that very strong insight from being the dad, right?
Speaker 2: So I, I knew, I knew that this would be very, very, very valuable. And it was not only that we did it with our own kid, because I said we also had the other class that had none of my kid in it. Right. But the one with my kid in it, I could really see it's, it's getting to this point of you can really understand the pain points, the values.
Speaker 2: If you can see everything, then you can steer more carefully, if that makes any sense. Okay. So we knew that we were making something that was of extreme value for the high schoolers. We also knew that we were making something of extreme value to the customer. Because finally they got classes, which were interesting.
Speaker 2: The very first classes we made didn't look like the ones you see on our website. The background was light colored. The very first classes we made, uh, was with light colored backgrounds because we hadn't thought of the black colored backgrounds yet, but we just knew that improv comedy plus math, people who are very good at math will already add value.
Speaker 2: And indeed the, the kids loved it. The, the kids who were taking the class loved it, uh, to prepare the high schoolers for it. We gave them, I gave them training, so I, I would teach them how to teach in the way that I would want. We had already previously done a, a hiring process where we interviewed people, we found people who were really good at thinking at the very beginning.
Speaker 2: We were just finding people who were good at thinking and who seemed like they would care about teaching. Today our interview process, we look for people who. Like thinking and are really good at thinking and just love people that the, the, we don't look for the ones who just love teaching. We want the ones who just love people so that there's, there's migration.
Speaker 2: I'm just showing how the very first one was missing some of the things we have today, but was still strong enough to make the customers say, my kid liked this, and they were inspired by the people who were teaching them. The reason we now have dark colored backgrounds is because one of the high school students in the first four.
Speaker 2: At one point turned his light off. So first of all, I already knew how to do the drawing on the screen because during the pandemic I was live streaming math classes where I was drawing on the screen and I, my face was also on the screen. Uh, we use software to do this kind of stuff. The screen is not a physical screen, the screen is a tablet.
Speaker 2: And then we just superimposed the image on the video feed. So we had this technology and then at some point, one of the high schooler boys said, Hey. I'm just gonna turn my lights off. And he had a desk lamp. He had a lamp that was just one bulb. Supposed to be like looking at the paper. He took the desk lamp and faced it at him and his background was black.
Speaker 2: And then he switched the color that he drew to some fluorescent, like some, some shining color. And we just thought, wow, that looks so cool. Like it was the first time we'd ever seen this dark background math class. The idea came from a high schooler. Because the high schooler understood what the customers would want the well, not what the consumers of the of the content would want.
Speaker 2: Well, he sort of understood, we did this for a while and we thought this was amazing. And at one point his older sister walked into his room after his class and said, you look like you're in a cave. This looks terrible. So we thought it looked good. Okay, but that's because online learning just looked that bad.
Speaker 2: Alright. It's important to know what we were working in is we went into an area where the quality was really bad and we made something that was very good. So suddenly it was like, whoa. And then we went next level up. Whoa, black background. Then next level up was the sister had more aesthetic sense and the sister said, you need to have some colorful lights too.
Speaker 2: And then, so, okay, so then I went and did some research on YouTube. Uh, I actually asked the high schooler help me tell me what, what do you mean by colorful lights? Then I did the research. I found all these lights on amazon.com and I bought $300 worth of lights, all the different kinds of lights you could find.
Speaker 2: Shipped them all to that guy's house. So the guy got all these different lights, and then he's just, he started experimenting. He's, he was a clever guy. He started experimenting. His name is Eddie. Eddie Kong. Actually, I wanna give him credit. So it was Eddie. And so, so, so Eddie, he did this experimentation and a week later or so.
Speaker 2: Wow. It looked amazing. It looked like a live streamer. It looked like this, uh, these, these like Twitch live streamers. That's how we got to that piece. So again, we started out going into something which we knew the quality was awful. We knew. We knew we were fighting against awful quality because no one had figured out how to make math funny.
Speaker 2: And we said the improv comedy ingredient will solve the problem. And since I was the dad of one of these people, I knew the high schooler who's good at math, if they learn improv comedy is good for them, then that that made the MVP. And then we just kept tweaking and tweaking and improving forward to getting to where we are now.
Speaker: So do you still working with.
Speaker 2: Oh, he's in college, so, so I need, I need to say that way. Eddie, unfortunately is already in college. Well, I shouldn't say unfortunately. It's good for him actually. He's doing great. Yeah. So, so Eddie? Yeah, he's, he, he's the kind of guy who can do anything. And, and I think I, I, I'd like to think that we also gave him a chance to see how to build stuff because in his high school, he spent several years working with us, building this whole thing up.
Speaker 2: Uh. He did very well for himself, and I'm very optimistic to see what he does in the future.
Speaker: Great. Uh, and we can move to module four. It's more about like numbers. Yeah. The real economics. But do you want to have a short water break or, it's
Speaker 2: okay.
Speaker: We just
Speaker 2: mm-hmm. Let's keep
Speaker: going.
Speaker: Just keep giving me.


Module 4
Module 4
Speaker: Okay. Uh, we're gonna reveal how the cross subsidy model actually works. So you've said lives 459 tuition supports XP free services. So for this cross subsidy to actually work, how many paying students does it take to support? How many free users can you share Even. Uh, Ralph
Speaker 2: numbers are what people think.
Speaker 2: I know what to deal with because they think I'm a mathematician. Well, they are, right? I'm a mathematician. But mathematicians don't usually deal with numbers. We think about theory, but I can still talk a little bit about that. So, on our website, people are curious, how in the world does this support all of these different social ventures?
Speaker 2: Well, what is on our website is that you can see that our class costs $459 for. 20 sessions. Each session is one hour long, so that's designed to be approximately 23 US dollars per hour for each student who's taking the class. Lemme tell you how we set that. First, we set that by looking at the entire market and seeing what are people willing to pay for extracurricular math classes.
Speaker 2: We found out that people typically pay something around $30 an hour or $40 an hour to learn from reasonably. Okay. Online teachers, if you want to learn from teachers who have even higher educational backgrounds, usually you're talking about $50 an hour, $60 an hour, or something like that. Those are usually for one-on-one classes.
Speaker 2: Actually, I should be careful. Those one-on-one classes would be like the 50 or $60 thing. The $30 thing might be a group of people taking the class at the same time. Then there was also another product in the market, which was charging about $20. Today they charge about $23. We, we, we, we match them. That particular product doesn't have any video and it's large class size and it's all typing.
Speaker 2: So I said, if you're willing to pay $23 an hour for that thing, we will give you something which is more engaging, quality, higher in every regard. Uh, it has video, it has interesting people, so you'll probably be willing to pay. That's actually how I figured that out. Honestly, we could probably have charged way more, like we could probably have bumped that price way higher to 30 40 or so because what we have teaching the people who are teaching are extraordinary.
Speaker 2: Uh, I want to emphasize, I don't myself think that the university you go to defines who you are, right? But I know some people here might like look at, look at that as a signal and other of these, other of these high school students that have taught these classes. Out of the 80 who finished graduating, uh, from high school so far, 30 of them ended up going to MIT, uh, six of them ended up going to Harvard.
Speaker 2: Five, ended up going to Princeton, all of these places. And I myself didn't go to Harvard, Princeton, or MIT. So I, well, I guess for undergrad. For undergrad, I didn't go to any three of these places. So I don't, I don't think that is necessarily what makes you strong. But I, I mentioned this because many people who go for the tutoring ads, they will say, oh, get tutored by a Harvard prison.
Speaker 2: You know, the price is gonna go nuts. So, so what I'm explaining is the kinds of things that the kinds of service that we're delivering should be very expensive. And why in the world do we only charge 23? It's because we, we can, it's because we have another breakthrough. We made a 30 person class more fun than a one person class.
Speaker 2: Not just more fun, more effective. So now this, this, this is where when you're trying to make a breakthrough, you do need to have innovation in a startup. Startups cannot usually just go and say, we will do what everyone else is doing. No, no, no. There has to be some innovation. Our innovation was before us.
Speaker 2: Everyone thought if you do an online math class, math is boring. You cannot have more than five kids in the room because no one's gonna pay attention. Five kids, you stare at them. Like with the zoom call, if there are five kids and one teacher, you can see everyone. And if they're not paying attention, you say, Jimmy, what do you think?
Speaker 2: That is how everyone thought online math class has to be because they assumed it's boring. They also assumed that the way that the math class worked was that you tell the kids what to do and you walk them through the steps. We fundamentally changed both of these philosophies. The first is our math class is not trying to teach you how to do a standard method.
Speaker 2: Our math class is trying to teach you how to generate your own idea if you've never seen something before. So we constantly ask the students. Here's a problem that you've never seen before. Anything like it, what do you think you should do? We've actually observed that if there are only five kids, brainstorming is hard, coming up with new ideas.
Speaker 2: If there are only five people there, they just very quietly sit and stare at each other because no one has any ideas. You need enough people. Okay? I've just proven why five is worse than more. But the second thing is I've actually seen examples. Of online interactions where more is better live streams.
Speaker 2: If you ever watch a live stream on Twitch or Instagram Live or YouTube live, if there are only five people watching the live stream, it feels dead, and that's because of the chat. So what I discovered was that in a livestream format, which is what all the kids are used to today. They like to be in something where the chat is flowing with lots of nice, fun, happy, and productive contributions.
Speaker 2: Oh, that happens when you're 30. If you're five, you don't have that. If you're 30, you do have that. If you do 30 though, you have to be careful. There could be nonsense, like people can put all kinds of lousy spam. One of the problems with Zoom, which is what was the state of the art when we were there, uh, when we were starting with Zoom, the problem is if anyone put a bad message, it was there forever.
Speaker 2: There was no way to delete a bad message. So I was analyzing this and realizing, aha, because those bad messages stay forever. That's why the teachers shut off. The kids chatting, or they told the kids only say the answer because they were afraid the kid will say some bad something. So I said, then I need to build a little piece of software to put moderation.
Speaker 2: So on our system, we actually use a different chat system by which the students can suggest things. And then we actually go and we filter out every bad message, and we only let the good messages through. Good. Could include the wrong answer, that's fine. Uh, like being bold and trying to suggest the wrong answer is fine, but saying that was dumb.
Speaker 2: Nope. That gets cut up. So once we built the system, then it became more like the online live stream vibe. Suddenly, 30 kids is better than five kids. Now 30 times $23 an hour is good. You see the point is that. There's a unit economics. The way I think about money is I think about the unit economics, which means every unit of product that we deliver, how much did it cost to create and how much do we earn from doing it.
Speaker 2: If you were selling at $23 an hour and you have five people inside paying you, you will only make 100, or is too hard, 115 maybe. Something like that. Yeah. Well, yeah. I can still notify 115. You can make you $115 an hour, and you have to share that among all the different people who are doing this thing. We can take 23 times 30, 23 times 30 is much bigger.
Speaker 2: That's 690 an hour. That's close to $700 an hour. Uh, that allows us to have a very, very rich experience. In fact, the experience we deliver is two high schoolers, and then we also have a professional actor that we pay for every single hour to ensure that the quality of the performance is high. So actually quite a few of them live here in New York City.
Speaker 2: So we find professional actors who are looking for part-time paid remote work jobs. We give them a great deal, then they supervise, they then guarantee the class is good. We also put two teaching assistants in every classroom. The teaching assistants actually are usually not in the US for the only reason being that our classes are US evenings.
Speaker 2: And I had a hard time hiring people who wanted to work their main work every day in the night. But then I realized that in Malaysia and in the Philippines, it's perfect daylight hours when our is evening. Okay, we can make another win-win situation. So our situation is that our unit economics have $700 an hour going in approximately, and then we have to spend some money going out.
Speaker 2: The net is that we've probably only spent like half of that, even less than half of that. I'm counting even. You have to take into account the fact that we have to train the high school students and that costs money too. And that's actually very expensive because the high school students leave after two years.
Speaker 2: Oh my gosh. This is a terrible business. This is a terrible business, uh, method. I don't wanna say model 'cause business model is a word, but this business method most other people would never wanna do because your teaching staff has to renew every year. This is ridiculous. Like there's a huge amount of effort that we spend teaching our high schoolers how to.
Speaker 2: The reason we wanna do that is because I'm a social entrepreneur and we see that as a very valuable output, that we are creating a network of kind and clever and very well-spoken high schoolers who grow up and will change the world. We don't get money back from that, but that's a good word, providing for society.
Speaker 2: We will do it just because we think it's a good thing to do. But this is why I also know as an entrepreneur, I don't expect any venture backed startup to try to fight with us on this. It would be too painful for them. It, it is like a lot of pain to keep working with all these high schoolers unless you intrinsically think there's a value in spewing these wonderful people out into the world because they're not gonna make any more money for you.
Speaker 2: You know, you train them up to do great things and then you don't get any of the money. Okay? But we are willing to do it. Okay? Right. But so the net result is we end up getting profit margins over 50%. And that's how we can go and support all of the other things that we do. All the other things that we do are funded by this.
Speaker 2: The fact that we have an access on, on this one thing, why do we have an access on this one thing? It's because we invented a better model. Then of course, as a, as a, as a leader, I had to think, is anyone gonna follow our model? Right? I have to think. Will anyone else try to replicate our model? And I think if anyone else has a big heart and wants to do a good thing and is not venture back.
Speaker 2: Venture capital backed, they might. But if anyone's venture capital backed, this is a really bad idea to compete with us because the profit margins we've already made quite thin and there's a lot of pain that's involved in doing it. And because we're doing it authentically, the high schoolers trust us.
Speaker 2: But if someone came along and was just trying to maximize profit, I don't know if they would be able to get all the high schoolers to trust in.
Speaker: Can you also like. Calculate those outcomes, like through numbers.
Speaker 2: Oh,
Speaker: okay.
Speaker 2: You mean can I calculate the outcomes of what happens with the high schoolers going into the outside world? Through numbers? Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Speaker 2: I mentioned that one of the outcomes that we have is we're producing all these high schoolers who are graduating, going out into the world, and they'll do great things. Can I put numbers on that? Now? That's very hard. The reason that's very hard is because I think it'd be huge because we're now producing people who, they already were very clever.
Speaker 2: They already really loved people. Now they have amazing communication skills, great confidence, and they also have a network. They know all these other great people. I actually already have investors who have contacted me saying, when these people start companies, let the investors know because the investors might want to invest in them.
Speaker 2: Actually, these people we're producing are pretty good entrepreneurs. They can feel real people's problems. They can think, uh, they can speak in a way that can win over. Investors win over, they can hire people, they can lead. And they have a network for doing all of these things. It's pretty good. Uh, so I don't know how to put a number on that.
Speaker 2: I expect it to be vast. Vast because I think that these high schoolers will end up doing much, much, much more than if they just went with the regular track. Also, because some of the things they do might not make money because we are also encouraging them all to run for political office. They might not all run for political office.
Speaker 2: In fact, most of them will. But some of them I can already tell are because when they're in college, they will often, well, actually, before they go to college, they ask for letters of recommendation to apply to college when they're in college. Sometimes they apply for various programs and they ask for letters of recommendation.
Speaker 2: So I know that we have students who are applying for special, uh, special summer sessions where they go to Washington, DC and they work with politicians. You know, I, I know that our students are actually getting the idea because I'm telling all of them. We live in a democratic country, the United States of America.
Speaker 2: The beautiful thing about a democratic country is that everyone could participate if you wanted to, but the problem was that some of the people who would be great people there didn't have the elector. They weren't electable. You know, they, they would be great people. You wish they would be making decisions, but they couldn't win the election.
Speaker 2: You see what I've done? We're helping them win the election too. Uh, and also they get a whole network of other people. So we'll see what happens, but I, I think that the biggest value we create will be this giant network of people out of the end, and we won't make any money from that. That's okay. That's what makes us happy.
Speaker: Um, um, could it be more practical, like, how do you calculate the cost of acquiring one live student? And the volume that student brings, like you, can you first, um, explain the terms of CAC or LTV and um, what did it feel like when you first ran the.
Speaker 2: Whenever you do something, there's a production cost, but then you also have another cost, which is how they get the students in the first place. So there's this CAC, which is customer acquisition cost, I think. Is that what it's called? I actually never call it these things. I mean, there's LTV, lifetime Customer value.
Speaker 2: Is that what you guys call these things? I think so,
Speaker: yeah.
Speaker 2: So these are important for us. So for us, the lifetime customer value is the easier one to understand because. Our ideal customer will stick with us for about two or three years, and each year, if you just think about it, let's do it simply. If they were doing the class one hour a week, that's 50 weeks.
Speaker 2: One hour each is 20, it's about 23. It's $23. Let's call it 20. Supposedly it was $20 a week for 50 weeks a year. It's $1,000 a year. If they're with us for two or three years, the LTV is $2,003,000. That's the, that's, that's for each customer that we get in. So once we know that, that's the. Lifetime customer value.
Speaker 2: Uh, wait. LTV Oh, life. Wait, what does that, what does that even stand for? Lifetime value.
Speaker: Lifetime value.
Speaker 2: Lifetime value. Okay. That's the T. Okay. I thought lifetime was one word. Doesn't matter. Okay. Okay. But anyways, fine, fine, fine. So, uh, so, so the LTV once, once that, once you know, the LTV is around two or $3,000, uh, given our profit margins, which we had that every class that we're teaching, we make more than half of it in profit.
Speaker 2: We were willing to be pretty, uh, pretty, pretty spendy on acquiring the customers. Um, we tried different things. We actually, I, I don't have a good number on the CAC at this point because it's hard to know which of our things are exactly leading to them. We were running advertisements, that's the easiest one.
Speaker 2: We were doing advertisements on social, uh, social channels, and on those. Those CACs were something around like $50 a person, 50 or a hundred dollars a person, which was pretty good. Right? So that, those were pretty good. We were doing that. Uh, but the other things we did were we just generally do a lot of earned media.
Speaker 2: We get a lot of earned media coverage, but that's earned through me traveling all over the country. So I've been covered in the Wall Street Journal for traveling all over the country. But how do you account for that? Right, because somehow that means that the Wall Street Journal article, that wasn't free 'cause we had to spend all of this traveling around the country.
Speaker 2: But at the same time, the traveling around the country is what taught me what to make. So that's why the easiest CAC is, I know from our online ads dashboard, if we just run ads, we can be doing some ads where CAC ends up being like a hundred dollars. But, um,
Speaker 2: but we, I, at the same time, I don't want to just do that. I, I, I, I guess I, I'm a fan of the earned media style, so what we're doing right now is trying to get more earned media.
Speaker: Um, you raised 1.3 million in, was there ever a moment when you only had a little runway left? And what decision did you make in that? Situation.
Speaker 2: When I started out, I was doing it through the normal capital raising method. So, uh, we raised 1.3 million at the beginning. An important detail there is the vast majority of that was from quite close friends.
Speaker 2: So, so importantly, I was also encouraged to do this by the fact that I had some quite close friends who were very, they were also technical or they were very interested in supporting technical people. Um, that's, that's an important part. That's actually why. Eventually, even though the XP itself didn't make money, that's why I didn't just cut it and start a new company because you see the things I'm doing today are not xp.
Speaker 2: So in some sense, I could have just cut ties because all this new stuff we do, it's all bootstrapped. So I could have just clean cut ties and said, sorry guys, it went to zero. But because the majority of it was people who were close to me, I said, you know, you bet on me. I'll leave that piece for you. I, I do still have control.
Speaker 2: That's important, but we're gonna do all these other things and there's other stuff. Actually, social enterprises can get value too. You'll share in the value because of that. But that's, that's why that part was there. Uh, in that sense, having a strong social and professional network is very, very, very important.
Speaker 2: However, money does run out. So at that, that initial amount, yes, there was a time when I was down to the last little bit, uh, indeed, down to the last two months. Three months or so on. Uh, around that time is when I discovered that philanthropy was interested in supporting us too. So that's when I found out, oh, with the work that we're doing, it is possible to get donations, which would come in through a nonprofit or something, and then go on to our side in that.
Speaker 2: In that sense, at that time, I think they even went directly to us because we were not even selling a product at that time. The complicated part is when we were down to, like, we were down to the end and there was supposed to be this money coming in, and then there was a hurricane. 'cause the philanthropic foundation was in The Bahamas and the hurricane shut down The Bahamas.
Speaker 2: So, so, so the thing is, wait, we, we need this, we need this money to run payroll. And, uh, there's a hurricane going on and they did commit to sending the money. But when there's a hurricane, the money comes across. Uh, somehow, thankfully, everything worked out, but, but I, I'll say those, those things happen. But in general, in general, whenever I get tight, like things, there have been many times where things have gotten tight.
Speaker 2: Whenever things got tight, I, I'm a fighter, so I would just try harder. I don't like giving up. I just, I, I, and, and the people who bet on me were people that trusted me and they're close to me. So for me, whenever anything looked tougher. I would just fight harder. I would keep trying to think, is there anything else I can do?
Speaker 2: This spirit I got from being a math contest guy, because I've done math contests, I've dealt with time pressure. I've dealt with being down to the wire and I've, I have the fight or flight infl going to fight. So for me, it just has to work. I don't know how to explain, but somehow you just keep thinking, how do you make this darn thing work?
Speaker 2: And somehow you find some, um, you find new ideas. You find new, you find relationships to lean on. You find sources of funding. You find out how to make things work if you really want to make it work.
Speaker 2: Unfortunately, that may mean sometimes reducing your head count, which is what happened with us. We had to reduce head count sometimes too, but not give up. We're gonna keep going
Speaker: and, um. You received both foundation grants and individual investments. What was the most persuasive argument breach, and how did you prove this isn't charity, it's investment.
Speaker 2: So we have two different kinds of funding sources. One was for investment and one was for charity work. It's very important to note that the investment stuff was all in early stage. And then after that we got no more investment ever again and we switched to entirely, entirely charity back. So there was a, there was a phase shift, and that's because at the very beginning we were thinking, oh, there are all these companies which get tons and tons of users.
Speaker 2: We will do something that will get tons of users and then we'll go do something with the users. That was the original idea. Uh, the thing that was the most compelling, I think at the beginning. Was you, you probably know a lot of investors, they look for the founder. They wanna know what kind of person is the founder?
Speaker 2: Is the founder dynamic enough? Are they gonna come up with new ideas? Are they gonna pivot? Uh, people were quite impressed that we had a lot of very intelligent people on our team. We had some very good people because of my background from Math Olympiads, we had some very capable people, so engineering will not be difficult.
Speaker 2: So that was how we got our initial money, uh, on the investment side in some sense. I guess we're still delivering for them what they wanted, because as you see, I did not cut them out when we could have cut them out. So, you know, I'm, I'm still a, I'm still a guy who does believe in giving back. Right. And at the same time, the pivoting, yes.
Speaker 2: We, I, we, we definitely did all of that pivoting and we eventually figured out something that will work. So I will say every single one of our investors, they're getting their return. They're getting their return. It might've taken longer than what they would've expected originally. Or rather, who knows? As you know, many investors invest in things and most of the things don't work.
Speaker 2: Maybe our thing was in the category that would not work, but we have come back from the dead, so to speak, with something new that, uh, because I care about them, they still get a part of, but I don't want any more investors because I don't think that what we're doing is compatible generally with standard investment framework.
Speaker 2: Right. We will, I I did wanna make sure those guys will get back what they put in, uh, with more that one, that one's happening because we gotta treat everyone properly. So that one's gonna happen. Um, if, if no other way, who knows? Maybe I'll even buy them up myself. Right? But I, I, my, my stylist, I believe in being good to people.
Speaker 2: And so if some people came in at the beginning, I'm not gonna let 'em leave with zero. We're gonna make sure they got a good enough return. But at the end of the day, my business today is not about trying to make other people make tons of money. 'cause I wanna do the social good. Now, what was the most compelling to the, the people who were donating for charity?
Speaker 2: It was that the thing works. Uh, now here's an important detail. When we started, a lot of people thought the things we were doing were way too ambitious. What? You're gonna get a bunch of high school students who are good at math and you're gonna teach them how to be funny, and you're gonna be able to get enough of these people, and you're telling me that there will be people who will take these classes and how are you gonna find the people whose parents are not crazy about math?
Speaker 2: The charity, by the way, it's going to kids whose parents are not crazy about math. There are so many things that are hard to do in that space, right? What I'm explaining is the charity side of what we do, we have to also identify kids who live in underprivileged areas. Their parents might be too busy to go and find resources for them.
Speaker 2: We have to deliver education to them that is interesting enough that they would wanna keep doing, and we have to be able to do it with a whole machine that involves high school students, professional actors. At the beginning, people were like. It is not gonna work. How are, how are we gonna build this thing?
Speaker 2: It's a dream. Okay? That's the value of being a social entrepreneur.
Speaker: We make money.
Speaker 2: So we used the fact that we made money actually on a different product to pay for, to bootstrap the creation of the first two classes taught by two students each. We made money. Once we made money, we made more money, then we made more money, then we made enough money that we had extra money.
Speaker 2: With the extra money, I started going to low income neighborhoods. I started going into actual classroom to teach class. To see with my own eyes. Wow. There are all these kids in these regions where they actually wanna learn math. They really do wanna learn math, and now we know how to find them because we make trusted relationships with those schools.
Speaker 2: After we spent a lot of our money doing it and even started the classes, then we could go and tell the philanthropists, see it works. We got this. And then the first people who came to back us were the ones had that had the most trust in us. Us then we were able to do this for a lot of people. At this point, we're teaching over a hundred of these underprivileged kids and they're having a great time, and the latest one that's blowing up is the rural side because that one I first had to go and prove this is possible.
Speaker 2: Again, we use our, we we, because we have our own money, we're able to go and build out the whole rural side. Once we got the first class of Montana kids. Those kids are awesome, like those kids are just really interested in learning. They wouldn't have had the opportunity otherwise. They're very engaged.
Speaker 2: They have very high potential as well. Now that we're already doing it, it's very easy to go and explain to other philanthropists, see, we got this model, we can now make this explode across. And by the way, this could even potentially help to bring our fragmented society back together. Right now there's a, there's a split between rural and urban in terms of, uh, how people are getting along.
Speaker 2: We could help to mend that. That would be wonderful. So, yeah. So the main thing is for the philanthropists, I found the biggest thing that helped was to be able to show. It already works on some small scale. How do we pay for that is because we are the other staff.
Speaker: So when for people with a mission like that, do they need to like run on those two tracks? Like it's, it seems like kind of hard for me to like achieve those missions.
Speaker 2: You mean the for-profit and the non-profit track at the same time?
Speaker: And we always like, we have to prove that it's possible.
Speaker 2: Ah,
Speaker 2: if you want to create something that will affect a lot of people, it's important to test it on a few people first. So that's like the pilot. Uh, the more normal your idea is, the more likely you can get philanthropic backing for that right away. Or if you have some very good network, then you can, but not everyone has that.
Speaker 2: Actually, I didn't have that either, right? So I did eventually we do now, but at the very beginning we didn't. Uh, and we only built that by proving that it works on a small scale. So in that sense, it is very useful to find some way that generates money where you still maintain control. So that's actually the skill we're trying to teach people.
Speaker 2: I think that in the age of AI, it is easier and easier for a person with a good idea that really does. Match a pain point that people are willing to pay for. It's easier and easier for you to turn that into actual money. So if you can find a way to do that, that gives you the flexibility to start exploring and experimenting.
Speaker 2: Once you explore and experiment, you might be able to prove your pilot. Then maybe you can go and get the philanthropic backing for it. Or if you can't, you can just make the for-profit thing bigger for a while and get more money and then make more and more of the examples until it starts to make more noise.
Speaker 2: But these, these two track. I don't know, an easy other way to get the philanthropic donation money without having some proof that the thing works. Unless you have some relationships or unless the thing you're doing is more standard, but then it's not as much fun. The non-standard is more fun.
Speaker: And, um, this is my personal curiosity about pitching.
Speaker: Like what, uh, beyond numbers, how do you practically build trust with. People, uh, who might be skeptical about a social ventures profitability.
Speaker 2: If you're interested in figuring out how to, if you're interested in figuring out how to pitch to someone who's concerned about the social ventures profitability, I think, I think the important detail is why do you want the investor in the first place?
Speaker 2: Because actually these days, if I was doing it again, I wouldn't take a single investor. In fact, the whole thing I'm doing right now doesn't use the investors. The only reason we have investors is because I'm giving them back for what they supported me a long time ago. If I didn't do that, we would have zero investors and we would still be able to do everything we did because all of the stuff we created since was off of this other side revenue.
Speaker 2: It's sort of similar to the story I said of the guy who sold cars and made $50,000 by selling cars, right? So that was roughly what we have here. We had something that made a bunch of money. So my, my first thought is, if you're trying to make something where you're getting investor backing, think very carefully, is that really the right thing to do?
Speaker 2: Right? Maybe the answer is no. Or unless, unless you have investors who for some reason are themselves very interested in social things. That's actually why I'm building this network, because what my expectation is, is that I think that those high schoolers who graduate out of our network, I expect some of them to get very, very wealthy because of the skill sets they have.
Speaker 2: And they'll be very wealthy people who care about people, they might actually be happy to do it. This kind of an investment. So if you can see what I'm saying now it becomes a question of can you find the right investor? It probably won't be a venture capital fund. A venture capital fund is a bunch of people who are responsible for taking care of other people's money to make other people's money become bigger.
Speaker 2: But an individual investor who's already made it in life and wants to see some good stuff happen in the world, they might give to you out of this idea that, yeah, some of it's also because it's for good. If you can get 'em to do it entirely on, on philanthropy, that would be another way. But if it's hard to do that, well maybe, maybe, maybe first with the investor who cares about good.
Speaker 2: I actually don't know a good way to find these people. By the way, this is where your network becomes very important. Your network becomes very, very important. If you're pitching a philanthropist, that's a different story then that that has to be a, how do you show a person that this is gonna actually go and create some value?
Speaker 2: But I still think the best way is if you can find something that actually makes money, something that requires minimal capital, that makes money. I'll tell a funny story. There was a, this is now not all close to this, but there was a, there was a guy who made close to a billion dollars by using computers to predict which horses would win horse races.
Speaker 2: So I happen to know this guy because of whatever he, he, he's, I don't mean that he's one of our funders or anything, but I just happen to know this guy and, uh. I happen to know another guy who knows the story of how he started because it turns out that if you wanna make money by, um, betting on horse races, you need to have money to bet first, right?
Speaker 2: You money to bet first. You bet correctly. It multiplies by something. Turns out this guy also was very good at playing blackjack, so he got his first money by playing blackjack. So it is a funny thing you first played blackjack. This is the 21, uh, cards. I don't even know how to play blackjack, but something with number 21.
Speaker 2: And there were people who knew how to, uh, it was called counting cards. This is a very smart guy. So he was able to beat casinos by playing blackjack. So he first played blackjack to get the first chunk of money. And then once he got this, I, I don't mean first, but like it was an important part of the whole procedure, the important part of his whole journey.
Speaker 2: Some of his capital came from playing blackjack at Las Vegas Casino. And then once you got to a big enough amount, you can use that amount to kick off the bigger thing. That's roughly like what I'm doing. We started with something small, which was me selling some classes in China. Small money, small money kicked off, bigger money kicks off, bigger money picks off bigger money.
Speaker: And, uh, can, uh, we can talk more about scaling from now. Um.


Module 5
Module 5
Speaker: Personally teach per year? Like was there a moment when you realized that limit and started to think about systems?
Speaker 2: I always was hoping that I could do something that will touch more people's lives. So the number of people that I can teach every year personally in terms of like a full on course is at my university, probably only about 300 or 400 a year. Because those are the, those are the ones who take my course. Uh, I do give talks all around the world.
Speaker 2: If I add up how many people I see once through these talks, it might be about 20,000 or 30,000, but that's only seeing them for one hour. So I, I wouldn't say I really teach them that number is so small. Taylor Swift gets 80,000 in one shot, so I spent a whole year running around and giving so many talks, and I only get 20, 30,000.
Speaker 2: And it's very humbling to realize that in half a stadium, uh, Taylor Swift beat me so. So I have a long way to go. Right? So, uh, but then, then I, I was thinking like, what are, what, what is it that we can do that can leave a bigger impact? Actually these days, I think of bigger impact, both in terms of having more people who can teach our style.
Speaker 2: That's our high school students, teaching middle school students and all of that. That could scale huge. We could teach millions of students, maybe, maybe even tens of millions of students that way. But I think actually these days of even longer term things of. Why are we teaching them anyway? So, so the things I think about, maybe I share this like for a long time, for a very long time, way before even I started this thing, I, I guess I viewed my success in the world to be scored based on after I not here anymore, for how many years, how many people remember things that I did.
Speaker 2: This is actually, this is actually how I thought about the meaning of life. Uh, so, so if there were a thousand people who remembered what I did for a hundred years, the score is 100,000. So this, this is like what I was thinking about, right? So, so I was always thinking, how do you make more of that? And nowadays, the thing I'm most concerned about is that people will just cease to exist.
Speaker 2: I think that people, I think that there's a massive, uh, population crash, which is happening, which is being amplified by artificial intelligence. And so the things I think about at this point are what kinds of societal values could help society live longer? So if you look at my personal website, you'll see it's, it looks more philosophical.
Speaker 2: I even have something I call this thoughtful philosophy, which is that I want to create more people who really enjoy delighting other people and also thinking on their own and coming to deep understanding, I think about these kinds of things. At this point, that's, that's deeper than me teaching anyone anything.
Speaker 2: That's me writing some words that hopefully if they're written correctly, if I, if I write them carefully enough, hopefully these words will get repeated by people long after I'm not here anymore. I'm actually trying to think what words for encapsulating the point of human existence. Would be good words that make humans continue to exist.
Speaker 2: 'cause if the words you write are, human existence is all about me having as much fun as I can, it could very well be that once AI comes along, the easiest way to have as much fun as you can is to just go into an AI world with AI friends and never have any kids. And then the entire human race will end in one generation to zero.
Speaker 2: Right? So that, that's not a good philosophy for running the world. Anyway, so these are the kinds of things I think about today, which are beyond even just teaching.
Speaker: And um, so you currently have hundred high school instructors, right? So, and what does it take to take to scale, to, do you have a concrete movement?
Speaker 2: Right now our program is still quite small, and that's because we are bootstrap, right? We, I've been talking all this about investors and effectively saying, uh, try to avoid getting new investors and getting investors at all. So we're growing very, very slowly because it's just growing simply by word of mouth.
Speaker 2: That's why it only got to a hundred high school students. Hopefully this will change soon. Uh. We, I actually see that we could easily get to 10,000 high schoolers. The reason I say that is because from the point of view of the math competition world, there are about 10,000 high schoolers right now who are quite actively involved in math competitions and also quite good, actually, that's only a small fraction of who could be good for this high school program.
Speaker 2: Our high school programs, not only for math competition people, but those people are already kind of crazy about this stuff. Actually. It's not just 10,000, it's tens of thousand. There are tens of thousands of such people. So if we got 10,000 of them, that actually should be within reach. We just need people to know this whole thing exists.
Speaker 2: And because we didn't have much money, getting people to know this exists became hard. Uh, my style has been to use earned media, maybe things like this, right? Actually, thanks to you guys with your channel, a lot of people have found out about what we do. It's great. And so what we're doing is we're just going through earned media on a slow and steady based on brand.
Speaker 2: Values, ethics, and people knowing who, what we're about. So if you've noticed you've had me on the channel a bunch of times, the message is generally quite consistent. And that way people can see if they like this kind of mentality, oh, come join us. We're gonna be this thing. And that's how we separate brand wise from basically everyone else who's in this ecosystem.
Speaker 2: So we expect that we should be able to get to 10,000 high schoolers as this earned media takes off. Uh, okay. 10,000 is not that many. Uh, 10,000 high school students would be able to teach about a hundred thousand middle school. A hundred thousand middle school students. It's roughly one to 15 ratio, two high schoolers, 30 middle school students.
Speaker 2: The next big challenge would be to go from 10,000 to a hundred thousand. That one I'm looking forward to doing. The a hundred thousand represents approximately 1% of all United States high schoolers. I actually do think that the most advanced 1% of American high school students would be very well suited for this.
Speaker 2: That's why I know we should be able to do this. It's not just 1%, there's more than 1% of people who would be suitable for doing this. But that then requires very widespread understanding, even among people who never did advanced mathematics, uh, outside of school mathematics before. Again, I see that as a, the more people who find out this happens, the better.
Speaker 2: How long will that take? Is a good question. I do think though, as people are realizing that they need to do more than what is going on in school because the AI can do so much. We expect that that growth is gonna become easier too. The a hundred thousand high school students will be hard to increase beyond for a while.
Speaker 2: I'm only talking US numbers. If we went to other countries, it would be different. We'd add more numbers. Um, to go from a hundred thousand to more, one would need a lot more high schoolers who would be already in tune with this kind of stuff. But the good news is that there's a multiplication factor.
Speaker 2: Because if we had a hundred thousand high schoolers teaching a million middle schoolers, if you wait five years, some of those million middle schoolers turn around and become the high schoolers. Actually, that's where the whole power comes. So roughly speaking, every five years, one would hope that we'd double because if you had a hundred thousand teaching a million, you might have 200,000 you've taught.
Speaker 2: Then they go over, then 200,000 teaches 2 million, then 400,000 go over. Right. I expect you could double, double, double this way until we reach, until we reach about maybe 5% of the high schoolers teaching 50% of the middle schoolers after that. That's hard. The reason that's hard is because there are many middle schoolers have other things they wanna do with their life, so maybe they wouldn't wanna do this at all.
Speaker 2: Okay, that's fine. But I do think that this skill of learning how to think outside the box is going to be valuable for a huge number of people. So the roadmap looks like as soon as possible through earned media, get the a hundred to become a a 10,000. And then after that, more earned media, usually around, probably around the topic of being, uh, I guess being recognized as people who have some ideas of what to do in new age of AI or regarding education.
Speaker 2: Then that would be from 10,000 to a hundred.
Speaker: And now I wanna hear like how you identify those talents. So you said that you look at their eyes. We want like more, um, more like concrete way to, um, identify mission driven talent. How do you do that?
Speaker 2: One of the main things I have to do is to identify people who really like. Other people and want to, and care about doing something bigger than themselves.
Speaker 2: All of you guys in this room satisfy that category. So somehow, and I, I think I'm right also. I, I mean you, you, you will know whether I'm right, but I think I'm right. Uh, but that's, that's because I guess I see a lot of people and I, I, I will say there are people who I can't tell either, but there are some people where you can just tell, I don't know.
Speaker 2: How to explain, but some people through their eyes, you can just tell that they really care about other people and they're really curious about doing something that's bigger for other people. Now, of course, I respect that everyone has to also take care of themself. I don't expect any of you to make yourself starve to go and do something that's, that's too much, right?
Speaker 2: But I do think that you are an, you are. You are inspired to do what you do because it might do something bigger, and that's what makes life fun. Eyes which are bright and open. Say this. It's very hard to describe what it is, but when you see someone like this, you know it. Now you want, you want to make sure that they have a chance to show this.
Speaker 2: So I usually just have a conversation. As you have a conversation, you find out when people's eyes light up. You just talk about like what you do, why you do it, uh, what you wanna do, and you just go and see when, when the eyes light up. Actually, I think another thing is, unfortunately, there's a lot of people who don't even know what they wanna do.
Speaker 2: They just want money. That's pretty obvious because if you start talking to them, it's pretty obvious that their eyes never quite light up about anything. It's just that they think life is just gotta go forward and do what I need to do. I mean, if you're watching this video, you probably also do care about something bigger.
Speaker 2: That's my guess. Uh, this is apparently a social entrepreneurship video, so probably you also care about doing something of social night, right? I can't see your eyes, but my, my hope is that, my hope is that one would also be able to tell by looking at your eyes. It's the same. I don't need a person to be really about going.
Speaker 2: We can tell from quiet people too, but the eyes are a very powerful window. They say the eyes are a window to the soul. Isn't that what they say? Something like that. I think it's really true. I mean, maybe some people will try to learn how to fake it, but I think that's hard. I think that's harder than just being it,
Speaker: and this is my personal curiosity in US society. I think quiet people are a bit harder to like prove themselves. Like because, so what they think about this one? '
Speaker 2: cause you mean prove that they're valuable.
Speaker: Yeah, those the kind of things because you talk less
Speaker 2: than outgoing
Speaker: personally,
Speaker 2: so sometimes in some societies it can be that.
Speaker 2: Maybe if someone talks less, they get noticed less by other people. As a leader and as an employer and as a person who selects, who selects talent, I try to make sure I can still see that value. Because sometimes those quiet people are actually really good, not just sometimes, quite often, quite often, if, if it depends on the eyes, right?
Speaker 2: It's like if if they really want to do something, then they could be really good and then you can teach them too. Actually, in the company I run, we pay for our employees to take improvisational comedy classes. We teach them how to be good at talking because if you wanted, if you, if, if it's somebody who actually wants to do something, that's valuable for people.
Speaker 2: They have that desire. They might not know how. Then maybe you can learn how. Right. But I have roles, I have roles in my team for people who are quiet. I have roles in my team for people who are loud. I just care that the people actually care about doing stuff in that sense, I I, I saw a line that there's, there's this man, there's this guy called Alexandra w Dunno if you've heard of him.
Speaker 2: He was the one of the co-founders of Scale ai. Yeah. Actually he was a math Olympian guy. So I knew him when he was a high school student. Right. And he has a podcast where I think he said, I think he said something like, he hires people who give a shit. That was his way of saying it. I have my own way of looking at it.
Speaker 2: It's not like, I don't need that. You give a shit. That's not quite how I operate, but it's, it's just, you care, like somehow, you just really care to do something. The, the care is where it means something to you.
Speaker: Um, so, uh, and about the system, if you stepped away from all your projects tomorrow, uh, would life keep running? What have you designed to make that process? Also,
Speaker 2: making sure that the things that you make, keep going is very, very important. Uh, in some sense, the job of a leader is to make it so that they're not necessary anymore.
Speaker 2: These days, I don't operate anything in the life. I don't, so I personally don't operate anything. I don't coach any of the high school students I used to. I, I don't even do the recruiting for the high school students. Sure, I give talks, but in fact, the bigger source is supposed to be people who heard about it from other people, or maybe even our online Instagram ads into the high school students', uh, direction or something.
Speaker 2: So if I was not here. All of the operations of our classes would run just fine.
Speaker 2: The growth would not run just fine because my job has been to work on the growth, so my job is to get the growth to take off. Once the growth takes off, won't need me at all. Because the thing that we have is it's already beneficial to join the system. It's just people don't know it. But every time people join and find out it's beneficial.
Speaker 2: It makes it easier for more people to join and more people to join and more people to join and so on. So my job is to do that. Uh, I, I should say though, the reason the operations works is right now we have one key person. She happens to be my wife. She's amazing. So she's the kind that was the quiet type who really cares.
Speaker 2: Okay. Uh, I don't help her do the operations, but she does, she cares. The good news is there will come a point where she doesn't need to do it either. But the reason, right, the reason right now that she's doing it is because the scale is still small enough that she actually wants to make sure she sees what's happening.
Speaker 2: That gives us more, uh, more awareness of what's happening. But, uh, a lot of my travels around the world have explicitly been to make it so that we have more people who can do other things. She used to, it used to be that I taught all the high schoolers how to teach. Then it used to be that she taught all the high schoolers how to teach.
Speaker 2: Now we have other people who teach the high schoolers how to teach. So all of these different parts, we're creating more people to do, more people to do, more people to do and so on. So right now what's happening is I'm doing the growth and she's doing the, making sure operations have the same general mentality.
Speaker 2: Once growth is good, then we also have more funds so we can get more people to relieve on her side, and everything will take up. Because the whole point is this, we'll survive even after we're not here.
Speaker: And, uh, now we're gonna talk, how can we do this for 10 years without burnout? So, uh, you maintain, uh, uh, tenure sponsorship at Carnegie Melon while running three ventures. So, uh, and you tour more than a hundred city a year, and you have three children. So honestly, how is this festival?
Speaker 2: I guess some people have asked me how I balance all of these different things because I happened to be a professor at Carnegie Mellon University. I also was the national coach of the US Olympic Math team for 10 years. I go to over a hundred cities a year touring, giving talks, uh, and I also have these three different things that I was working on.
Speaker 2: Xp No. And live. And I also have three kids. So then the question is how does everything balance, um, and how to, well, let's start with how, how does everything balance? The first thing is to try to make sure you have win-win situations throughout Carnegie Ballon University is winning by me doing a lot of these things because, well.
Speaker 2: I guess you guys just heard that there's this university called Carnegie Mellon University's pretty good, right? So, so I happen to be one of the salespeople for Carnegie Mellon, but not just sales, it's honest. It's like the, the, the, the thing is, I am an example of what Carnegie Mellon professors do. We do real stuff.
Speaker 2: This is, I'm not the only Carnegie Mellon professor who does real stuff there. There's a lot of 'em. And so my university happens to be one of the very special places in America where I could be a professor. I would not be able to be a professor at most of the other universities in the US for two different reasons.
Speaker 2: There are some universities in the US that are, let's just say even more famous than Carnegie Mellon. They wouldn't leave me. They're already famous. They would say, what are you doing? They're doing weird stuff, go away. Then there are other universities for whom, even if they became famous and got all these benefits that Carnegie Mellon got.
Speaker 2: Sorry, another one became famous. If at these other universities, at these other universities, if I taught there and helped give them these kinds of benefits, like telling you, Hey, there's this university to apply to, you might not apply to it. So Carnegie Mellon is in this very sweet spot where it's very famous for very world famous for certain things like computer science, robotics, and a few other, and many other fields like drama even.
Speaker 2: But then there's other areas in Carnegie Mellon, which is not super famous for. Math. We were not super famous for math before then. It's a nice sweet spot because the university likes winning. It has won before. We can help it win in other things. So me doing all this other stuff is a net win for them. I do still teach my class.
Speaker 2: I taught my class yesterday. I teach Monday, Wednesday, and Friday in the spring semester, one to 2:00 PM That's just one hour. Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and everything else. I go and figure out how to create value. Like coming to see you guys on this weekend. It's a weekend anyway, right? So a lot of my travels are on weekends or on these days.
Speaker 2: I don't teach. Now the other parts of what I do, how to balance them. The math Olympian coach, interestingly enough that also interleaved with this, if you think about it, when I was going out and giving talks in a one hour talk, I just made Carnegie Mellon happy. I made Math Olympian happy. I improved all of the work I'm doing with Live and XP three with one stone.
Speaker 2: Not bad. And sometimes on these talks, I would bring one of my kids along to go and see the world. I actually, I took, I took my youngest daughter, the 11-year-old on a trip all through China, and we even went down to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Uh, in, in Thanksgiving I did this because I wanted her to be able to see how interesting and complicated the world of work could be.
Speaker 2: It's not just the jobs you've heard of. Let's see what dad does. Uh, sleep on airplanes, right? Like all this stuff. I did it because she's 11. And, uh, a professional, a tip. A tip. If you have kids, uh, do it when your kid is 11. Uh, it's the right age because when they're 12 or 13, you're not cool anymore, right?
Speaker 2: So, so this, this is, this is the last, right? You do it when it's 11 or not 12 or 13. You're not cool anymore. And so this is, this, is this the last shot? So I did this thing right, so that you can, you can interleave all of these. Of course, the secret to why a lot of my stuff works is my wife is on. So, uh, you also need to, uh, find the right partner, right?
Speaker 2: So, so somehow my wife and I are working very tightly on this thing together. We actually have the, we have one office room, right? And she sits at one desk. I sit at another desk. I actually can see her whenever I'm here. But we are, we are both working on this big mission together. This makes life a lot easier.
Speaker 2: Uh, as I mentioned in this, in this whole course, the first high schooler in the whole program was my oldest daughter. So you can see there's a lot of linkage here as there's family where we learn what their pain points are. As a dad, since my background was all these competitions, I didn't want to tell my kids to do competitions because I didn't want them to, I didn't want them to get stressed out.
Speaker 2: So in that sense, I sort of stayed back. My wife on the other hand, taught them all this stuff. It's okay. She never did this stuff before, so it's fair. Right. So she, she can teach them and everything is good. Uh, so she did it taught. Right. Like she took care of a lot of things. We do have three kids, but in the early part of my career, the first five years of, or the first maybe four years of my oldest daughter's life, I was a PhD student.
Speaker 2: I didn't have anything to do. PhD student. You don't have to do a real job, so, so I was home all the time. Right. And that was when our second one was born. So when our first two kids were very young, I was actually at home every day. That was before I started all this stuff. Eventually when our third kid was born, our oldest daughter was this very responsible older daughter who also liked taking care of, yeah.
Speaker 2: So that that also, that also fed in, if that makes any sense. As a parent, my goal was to make it so that my kids could see you can create stuff. So actually our house, it just looks like a factory in the sense, a factory, meaning it doesn't look beautiful. It's just we got computer monitors, we got, we got work going on, and so our kids know this.
Speaker 2: And I can see this is rubbing off because my oldest daughter right now is organizing a math competition. She's a college student. She's organizing a math contest for about 500 kids who are gonna come into her town and do this. She sent us a picture. She has like six, she has like 30 boxes already, giant boxes of stuff that she's dealing with.
Speaker 2: There are all these giveaways from sponsors and whatnot. So she, she knows like making stuff. What does that mean? My goal was for my kids to get that. And so instead of just putting them in a class for it, the class is called mom, dad are doing this all day. Uh, right. And then the rest of it like how to, how to be able to manage all of that time is I will always be thinking, how do I make sure that one hour of my time satisfies as many multiple goals as I can here I'm coming to New York.
Speaker 2: We are filming this this afternoon. I have another meeting this evening. I have another meeting. And these are both people who, you know, we might work together with on something or other, but I try to make sure that anything I do, we, we just like maximize the time.
Speaker: I'm curious, what was your daughter's reaction when she visit another country?
Speaker 2: Oh, when, when my kids visited other countries, I think they were very interested to see just how culture is different. Right, because when you live in one country, you just know how everyone thinks. You know what everyone values and not that everyone's the same, but you know the spectrum of it. Then you go to a different country like China and it's just so different, right?
Speaker 2: The people act very, very differently. They're under a different system and all of that. So I could tell, you know, they notice my kids would notice this sort of stuff. I think it also made them curious. So my oldest daughter actually went to Africa before me. She went to, well, I went to South Africa. That doesn't count.
Speaker 2: That's different. But my, my oldest daughter went to Rwanda a year before me on her own. She was already coaching African math kids on the internet for some reason. And so she set up something to go over there, uh, and coach their math coaches an entire year before I showed up on her own. And she did that because she also was very curious about other cultures.
Speaker 2: So I think, I think it's really healthy for your kids. To get a sense of how other people really think, and then it gives them a different appreciation for the fact that their life is different. Like, I'll give a random example. This, this is just a silly example. Okay. My youngest daughter, she was really, uh, traumatized or like, no traumatized, wrong with her, my youngest daughter.
Speaker 2: She was, she was really, uh, concerned by. A restaurant that we went to in China, we went to a particular restaurant and uh, they were giving shrimp, so they brought, uh, like a fire and water on top of it to steam the water. And then they have another container glass on top, and then they put live shrimp in that one, and then they turn it on.
Speaker 2: And my daughter was just watching the shrimp running around. While getting cooked at the same time. And then she was like, what? They do this in China? So, uh, they don't do that in America, but in some parts of Asia they actually do that. So, so it's just, it's just like, you know, these are things. And now, now she, now she, she, she didn't eat any of the shrimp, so, yeah.
Speaker 2: So this is how I know my youngest daughter really cares about people and things and all of that. Yeah.
Speaker: I'm so sad to hear that.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker: And, um, was there ever a moment that when you seriously considered quitting?
Speaker 2: I've never seriously considered quitting. Uh, I don't like.


Module 6
Module 6
Speaker: Because I'm lucky enough that I'm cash flow positive, right? So I, I want to, I, I want to emphasize the earlier you can get revenue and get cash flow positive, the better. Because then the only thing that might happen is you go slower. If your cash flow negative, you can just run out of money. Cashflow positive to me.
Speaker: Sorry. Let me be more specific. You can become cashflow negative by hiring more people. What I mean by cashflow positive is you have a unit in your business, which that unit entirely can generate enough money to power what, whatever. Well, power itself, so to speak, right? You, your company needs to have a piece where if you lost everything except that piece, you be profitable.
Speaker: Then with that, we can grow bigger and bigger and bigger. That's my preference. Now, of course, there are other people who would prefer to do standard entrepreneurship, who will be far more successful than me. There'll be billionaires. That's because they're going with a different approach. But if you want this social entrepreneurship approach, then you need to make sure you have a core, which is making money.
Speaker: And then I don't ever need to give up. It just means I slow down if I need to down to that core. And I read the, again, the reason I wouldn't give up though is because I find the mission we're working on to be really meaningful, right? And actually, it's both me and my wife. That's very important. And our kids also understand that we want our kids to get this mission too.
Speaker: Right. We're working on this mission, which is how to help this humanity survive more than a few more generations. That means something. If we don't do anything and we quit, then what are we gonna do to sit there? Right? The, the, the, the world is a big mess. I don't want just sit there. I wanna feel like I'm at least trying to do something.
Speaker 2: I think that might help the social
Speaker: entrepreneurs more. If you're a social entrepreneur and you chose, you care about certain things, you'll feel, why would I give up? Oh, sorry. The important thing is if you have the power to not give up because you have a profitable core, then you would say, why in the world would I give up?
Speaker: I should just go and find a way to make this work. I think I should be clear. Give up. Uh, you could pivot, right? Like I pivoted. So once you have this powerful core, you can add more cores. You can go in other directions, but give up. Meaning go back to regular stable like life. It's not gonna be stable anymore.
Speaker 2: You should build that core.
Speaker: Yeah, build that core. The important thing is build that core, find something. You can do that with relatively low cost. You generate enough value.
Speaker 2: And um, this is about mindset. When a project doesn't go as expected, how do you make the shift from seeing it as failure to seeing as.
Speaker: Hmm.
Speaker: A lot of people give up because they don't like failing. I don't like succeeding too fast. This is actually how I operate. I'll give a example of something that's totally different, but it's very easy to explain. I was at one point organizing a conference for some other organization I work with. And so I was in charge of the conference committee.
Speaker: We were going to invite speakers. I had some people working with me, so we were gonna have nine speakers. So I told the people who were working with me, I said, make a list of 90 people. I want that. When you reach out to speakers, I want your actual success rate to be 10%. When you're inviting people to speak at our conference, I want that your statistical success rate ended up being 10%.
Speaker: If your success rate was too high, like 80%, that means you asked for people who are not famous enough.
Speaker: You see, you aim too low if your success, if your success rate is 1%, you aim too high, 10% is good. It just takes you 10 times as low. And this, at first, the people were, the reaction was what? You know, 10 times, 10% success. Honestly, the things I work on are like 1% success or 0.1% success. I don't wanna attack something unless I think it's really unlikely.
Speaker: What that means is if I get it, it's gonna be huge. Okay? So I actually expect that I try something, it doesn't work. I did this video interview with you guys the first time that the EO one that got 3 million views or whatever, more than 3 million. Now, I had done a lot more, a lot more video interviews with a lot more people.
Speaker: Before that, yours was the most successful, okay? But. I didn't mind that. Some of the ones I did, maybe only 1000 views. It's because I expect it to be hard. Right. And then finally we got one, this is successful, right? And then good. But I don't look to always be getting this. Then I look to get even harder.
Speaker: So then I wanna go and try things that are even harder and even harder and even harder. Like the thing I'm trying to do now, which is to get explosion of science and technology across rural America. That's hard. No one's ever done that before, but I actually think we'll be able to pull it off. When I first started thinking of this, that was one whole year ago.
Speaker: I didn't have anything at that time. I was just like, let me try. I think there might be something here. So I think the important thing is to feel like you want to see that what you tried was too hard, because that's how you know you're trying hard enough things. If the things you try work too fast, you're not gonna make a breakthrough.
Speaker: You're aiming too low. I actually feel like I, I feel like I cheated myself. If it was successful too early, then I'm fine. It's like, yeah, of course it won't work, but I'm gonna try and you just try, try, try, try, try one works and bam, now it's big. That's a new story, right? Then, then, then you can, then you can make another big jump from there.
Speaker 2: Then if you're gonna do succeed, what would it look like? Like you're trying to do?
Speaker: Well, if what we're trying to do succeeds in rural America where I act, I actually think it's not if, I think it's when, but uh, when, when this, when this thing succeeds, uh, what we would see is that in all of these towns, all across the country, there are suddenly lots of kids who. Really are very interested in science, technology, math, and all that, and they become very capable at it too.
Speaker: I think that the outcome would be that they would start going to all these different universities in the us They, they actually would contribute different points of view to the university dialogue that the kinds of people who are at university would, would've more perspectives being represented. I also think many of them would be interested in going back to where they, where they originally came from, if or or around where they came from.
Speaker: If they could still find ways to create economic value like they need to make money. Well, many of the places we're working with actually have agricultural relationships. I think that if you can take the know-how of science and technology and bring it directly to the places where you are going to apply it, like in the agricultural zones or the mining zones or whatever, that's actually opportunity.
Speaker: I think that those people might know more about how to do that kind of technology. Then the Silicon Valley entrepreneur who grew up in uh, Washington DC and got this idea that they're gonna work on corn farming. I mean, I think that the person who actually grew up on the corn field might know a little bit more about corn farming.
Speaker: What if you get the person who grew up on the corn field to know all of the science and technology, and then they go and come up with this great idea that's gonna change corn farming because they actually know what it is. So I actually think that this could unlock a new wave of innovation all across rural USA.
Speaker: Interestingly enough. The real estate prices are not as bad there, so the cost of living, the cost of living is actually also lower. So this would, this could actually create more economic opportunity. My hope is that this would create economic opportunity that starts to blossom all over the United States, actually powered by the network.
Speaker: Because the hard part, if you start from something, if you do something from far away, if you don't know people who could provide capital, or if you don't know people who can provide introductions, relationships, or engineering work or whatnot, it's hard to do anything. But what we're doing is we're going to integrate all of these kids into this giant network where the network spans outside of where they are.
Speaker: Maybe just maybe we'd be able to see economic development run all over instead of having everyone have to go into the big city to get anything done. These are, these are dreams. Like I like to work on things for which there is a potential outcome, which is beautiful, and that beautiful outcome would involve creating economic prosperity in rural America, which I think is sore.
Speaker: They needed. It is sorely needed right now. In fact, if you look at the way the political situation is in, in, in the us and I dunno about other countries, but in the US for sure. So that's how I saw the problem, right? I saw the, I saw the Rural America problem because I grew up in Wisconsin, so I know about that.
Speaker: I know about that group of people. I know they're awesome. I know they're wonderful people. They work hard. They're very clever too. How can I make it so that their potential gets fully tapped? And if we do it, oh, it could be beautiful. And actually, interestingly enough, they even like science and technology for real.
Speaker: I anticipate that as this ramps up, people will discover that even if they are a customer taking our math class in Silicon Valley, they'll find out that the teacher has a Tennessee accent because the high school they're teaching them. I actually expect that as this takes off, we will potentially have the majority of our high schoolers coming from rural.
Speaker: That's for a different reason. It's because their schools are less, uh, less packed. Their school day is less packed in the cities. Sometimes people take way too many advanced college level classes because they're all in this hyper competitive atmosphere, so they have less time to go and do things that actually make them better.
Speaker: Could be that rural is less stuffed and they have more time. Ironically, the rural kids will learn more. So, you know, you know what I'm saying? Like, if the, if the rural kids get to plug into this network and spend more time in the network, they might actually get more out of the education. You never know.
Speaker: So there are lots of interesting potential outcomes and that's why I'm putting so much energy right now into trying to unleash this, uh, new renaissance, uh, led by rural America.
Speaker 2: Looking forward to seeing the outcome.
Speaker: Yeah. Thank you.
Speaker 2: And, um. Where there will be people who, um, they just talk, talk about thinking, I wanna try this too.
Speaker 2: So if you had to suggest one thing they could realistically do in their first week, what would
Speaker: maybe after seeing these things, you're thinking, Hmm, I wanna try this too. So a realistic thing to do right away is to think.
Speaker: Are there things that people are paying for that I can do better than what they're paying for? It's, it is to get that, that discipline. Whenever you see anyone paying for something, start thinking, can I make a much better version of that? Or rather, can I make something that really answers their pain point and how much would it cost me to make that?
Speaker: Don't start by thinking of something super grand, like I'm gonna make a new foundation AI model. Yes, sure. If you do that, you'll be also a billionaire. Very good. But you can start much more simpler. There are lots of products in the world that people are paying for. It's a different, totally different mindset.
Speaker: And of course, there are things that you're passionate about because you're watching this from a social perspective. Great. That means that you see that there are people who need help, right? What are they paying for to help give them that help? Or if they're not the ones who can afford it, the ones who are paying for that service.
Speaker: There might be other people maybe using tax dollars to pay for some things to help them exactly what is being delivered. It's to start much more granular and to go and think, can I do a better job of answering that pain point right now? Interestingly, you might find out that it doesn't cost you a future money, amount of money to create, and if it does, think of something else.
Speaker: Look at something else. Just, just keep, look, keep shopping around. You don't have to do the first idea that comes to your mind. But once you find something that you can generate some cash that will give you more freedom, then you get this little core that makes some money, then you start to make the core bigger and bigger.
Speaker: And another thing today, you have ai. So the AI is gonna make it so that your cost gets much, much, much lower than even when I had to face things.


Additional questions