you.com_audio
[00:00:00] How long do you plan to do the whole thing? Uh, for the interview? We'll be like one and two hours like that. Mm-hmm. And for the post-production, we'll take a month maybe. Mm-hmm. Yeah, because we interview, we ask whole kid like a lot of questions and we condense into very like, intensive interview, like in 15 to 20 minutes video.
Okay. So the output should be 15, 20 minutes? Yes. That's good to know. For me to see how long my answer should be. Yeah. Oh yeah. Well, yeah. You do a great job. Yeah. Condensing everything into, yeah. So we pick the essence of your like stories Cool. Don't worry about. And it's also good to share like more specific episode or specific feelings when you, uh, reach some goal like that.
Mm-hmm. So, yeah.[00:01:00] 
Cut.
Okay. So first of all, like, could you introduce yourself? Hi there. I'm Richard Socher. I'm the founder and CEO of hu.com and the founder and managing partner of AI X Ventures. Okay. So, and could you like rephrase, like, uh, introduce your journey in a nutshell? Yeah, yeah. Um, the nutshell is I'm originally from Germany.
I came to US for my PhD, uh, did my PhD at Stanford, um, computer science, and had the crazy idea in 2010 to use neural networks for natural language processing, which was a very controversial idea at the time, but. Proved out to be the right way to approach natural language processing and a lot of other things.
And, uh, then started MetaMind. Um, my first startup, uh, after the PhD and also in parallel, uh, started teaching at Stanford 'cause no one in the world was teaching neur nets for NLP. Uh, and then, uh, the startup got acquired, uh, by Salesforce. [00:02:00] I became chief scientist. And after two years executive vice president running most of the AI efforts, um, there starting Einstein, uh, also having a research team.
We invented prompt engineering, papered and cited by OpenAI and others. And, um, then, uh, after four and a half very happy years, uh, at Salesforce. Uh, I. Moved, uh, to start, uh, u.com and Ai X ventures, uh, to invest in other AI startups. I've been the good fortune to invest in a lot of, uh, seed stages of companies that turn out to be very, very successful.
Like hugging face and winds surf and Aidas comm and weights and biases and, uh, perplexity and a bunch of others. Um, and so, uh, we, uh, scaled the fund, uh, also, uh, but my main focus, uh, is also on new.com, um, uh, and building, uh, new AI search infrastructure and products. Wow, you've really been running [00:03:00] nonstop.
Yeah. Yeah. I love ai. I love AI in all of its facets. From foundational research and thinking about the upper bounds of super intelligence, uh, all the way down to like, how do we make it really work now and get it into the hands of more companies and people to like do make their lives better. Hmm. So can I ask why do you love ai?
Yeah. Um, I thought a lot about sort of the meaning of life when I was younger. Um, 2003. Um, and, uh, in high school already I loved, uh, natural languages. You know, I studied English. I'm originally from Germany and, uh, French and Chinese and, but I also love math. Um, and so math and languages don't intersect often, right?
It's very different fields of study. Um, but they do intersect in a computer where you try to use math to understand language. Uh, and so I ended up deciding to study linguistic [00:04:00] computer science in 2003. Different word for natural language processing, essentially back in Germany. And, um, and then it felt to me like if we could really get that to work on the research side, it would have.
Amazing impact. Um, and ultimately, language is the most interesting manifestation of human intelligence. You know, a lot of other animals have great motor control and they have good visual, uh, cortices and visual, uh, capabilities, but only humans have this really complex language. And then several civilizations, uh, were able to create written language to not all of them, right?
And the ones that didn't, were falling behind. And we're seeing similar things. Civilizations that don't use AI now are falling behind. Um, and so similar things have happened in the past with technologies related to language. And so, uh, ultimately I think it's very meaningful to help us, uh, understand language because it helps us understand who we are as humans.
Uh, and then it, uh, also, uh, [00:05:00] actually helps, uh, in on the journey to understanding intelligence. It helps to create it. Because anything we can create, we can engineer, we understand a lot better afterwards. And there are all these interesting paradoxes that come out, like more OFX paradox of things that seem easy for humans might actually be hard for computers and vice versa.
And so, um, yeah, it, it feels like an extremely meaningful thing to do. And ultimately you think about even further beyond that to sort of spread consciousness and intelligence into the universe. It's hard to do that all, uh, with only biological entities. And it would be cool to, to spread that even further.
So that is sort of my high level summary, uh, of, um, very short, condensed version of, of why I love working in ai. You were just high school students when you thought like language helps, like, understand people like that. So how, how can you, uh, like get [00:06:00] those idea, like what makes you think like that? Um, just a like brooding teenager back then, uh, who thought about the world and try to think from first principles, like what's interesting.
And also, you know, just had naturally, I was just very good at math and very good at languages and felt like the other folks who liked languages and the other folks that liked math didn't usually talk that much to each other. So it felt like both in terms of, you know, sort of the famous, what are you good at, what the world needs and what do you have fun doing.
Intersection, uh, felt perfect in 2003 to me already for, uh, natural language processing and like, uh, was in 2003, was that, uh, major or those kind of things are popular or like getting, uh, famous in Germany. What, what does atmosphere like that. It was definitely not, uh, famous or, or popular in [00:07:00] Germany.
Linguistic computer science as it was called then, uh, was very much a niche or type of subject, uh, that very few people were studying. Um, and really it was actually just a bunch of linguists doing classes and a bunch of, uh, in computer science and math classes. And there are very few intersection, uh, classes.
It's just you had to do it kind of yourself a lot of times in the, in the field. So yeah, it was a, still remember my, my dad thinking, ah, what, what will become my son? Because this thing is, the computer science thing doesn't sound like anything useful forever, like, uh, for a long time. And, um, you know, they're obviously super happy how it all turned out.
But, um, uh, it was, yeah, it was not that popular, but I don't really generally care about what's popular. I just care about what's meaningful and, and, and can be impactful and interesting. And do you also like only interested in intersection things? Like some something and something how, what these two combine and what does [00:08:00] impact come from?
Those are the, your, like, main interests. Yeah. I do think a lot about impact, uh, positive impact. I think you need to think about very carefully what kind of impact you want to have. Uh, sometimes when I feel like people say, oh, I just wanna have impact, I'm like, well, a lot of bad people in history had a lot of impact.
You know, like you need to think about very carefully what kind of impact you wanna have and, uh, what makes, uh, humanity so special. And it is our intelligence, it is our language capability and our, like civilization is built on all of that. And so you think about history too. And so yeah, I do like, uh, combining, uh, creatively combining different, um, different fields.
Yeah. And could you like explain what kind of field do you combine together? Not the major you did in Germany? So I, in Germany I combine kind of math and computer science with linguistics. Um, and then. Uh, I mostly was studying, uh, back then, and, uh, at some point I discovered [00:09:00] statistical machine learning and pattern recognition, um, is what it was called back then.
Uh, and then I fell in love with that and I felt like that was the right approach generally, sort of, uh, what the kind of math you needed to be good at, to understand language better and make it, make systems really work and scale. And then I was very fortunate, uh, at Stanford to hear Andrew ing talk about, uh, deep learning and neural nets for computer vision.
Um, but having all this natural language processing background. And so I tried to find ideas, uh, and, and take those ideas from a vision and neural nets and somehow adjust them and make them work for natural language processing. So it was, again, a sort of intersection of different fields, interdisciplinary.
Kind of endeavor. Uh, and, and then yeah, I was working with, uh, Chris Manning at the time and the natural language processing team also, and eventually got co-advised by both, uh, and, and kept, uh, pushing this. And in the beginning it was very stressful 'cause [00:10:00] my papers got rejected. A lot of people in the field said, oh, neural networks, they've never worked.
They won't ever work. They're not the right approach. It makes no sense to think of language in terms of vectors and, and embeddings and then things like that that we use in neural networks a lot. And so, um, but at, at, for me at this point, even though there are only five other people that really mattered, um, in the, in the field, in the, in that intersection, it was created from first principles, it was the right approach.
Uh, and so I just kept on going and eventually the field kind of caught up and more and more people started joining in and. Hmm. But it's easy to lose confidence that if, like, feel like people are, people don't trust you. But how can you like persist your, uh, statement, like your thought. Yeah. Yeah. It's true that like you have to be the right kind of stubborn, I think.
Uh, I've never cared about that much, about what, what's popular or not [00:11:00] popular. I just care about what's right again and like, um, and it made sense to me from first principles that neural networks would be right because, uh, a lot of the research actually was about feature engineering that were people were doing at the time.
Like in sentiment analysis you might say, oh, these are positive words and this is how negation works, and here's, like, all these, like, linguists would come up with features and, um, that clearly wouldn't scale to more complex things like translation. And I wanted to unify also, uh, the field. And that eventually led us to prompt engineering and inventing that, um, through, you know, several other steps.
And so, uh, I, I think that, um, when you, once you really love an idea and you feel like that idea makes sense from first principles, then you can, I at least I could prevail through a lot of rejection and still keep on going. Hmm. And so are you, uh, someone who doesn't really follow trends? I, I try not to, but, you know, [00:12:00] now it's hard to say 'cause I, I've been in AI for over two decades now, but now the trend has kind of followed, followed me there.
And so now I guess it is trendy to do ai, but maybe the trends will at some point be different. But for me it will be, uh, I think a lifelong passion to, to push AI. And, you know, AI is a GI, there's super intelligence and the upper bounds of intelligence, we're still so far away from most of the dimensions, um, of, of intelligence to get close to those upper bounds.
And so, um, I think it can, uh, be very inspiring as a goal for, for many decades to come. Um, whether it's trendy or not, uh, yeah, it hasn't mattered 20 years that much to me. Obviously now I appreciate that a lot of the rest of humanity degrees that AI is a very meaningful endeavor. I think that's really exciting too.
But it doesn't drive me as much. And like, could you explain why did you decide you need to come to us to persuade? Yeah. Initially I wanted to come to the US 'cause it's the best, uh, AI programs, uh, the [00:13:00] most cited researchers that have the highest rankings and had the most impact on the field, invented most of the important algorithms and models.
And at that time, what does your father like talk to you? Because he thought that my son is what? Kind of what like you told me. Like that. So at the time, what did he, what did he say to you? I think my parents were always very supportive, um, and was very fortunate that way. Um, and uh, you know, they know like Stanford is a good university, so they're very proud, um, that I was there.
And, um, my parents also loved the US and, um, you know, enjoyed visiting, uh, every couple of years and like, um, and, and so yeah, they're very supportive. Okay. And during like PhD I saw, I found that you wrote a paper and it is very getting famous and many papers, sides your [00:14:00] paper. So could you explain what it is and like can, uh, and can you explain it?
This concept in simple terms, I guess. I published a bunch of papers that have thousands, thousands of citations. Um, uh, I don't know which one you're referring to, but yeah, we worked, um, on ImageNet, uh, with others. Um, basically, uh, we realized that we needed a much larger data set to actually train ai. Um, and often data sets and benchmarks drive the whole field forward.
'cause then you can really compare and set new goals for the field that way. Uh, so that was a really fun project. Um. And then, uh, I realized that, uh, for natural language, um, there, the data sets were also too small. So another dataset, uh, that um, we published that was one of the first, uh, natural language processing data sets that was really large and showed people wow, with a larger dataset, all of a sudden a different group of models, namely neural [00:15:00] networks, do much better than all the other models.
Uh, that came before. Uh, so that was, uh, the Stanford Sentiment Tree Bank. Um, and there we showed that wow, a neural network can learn all these complex ways of negation and irony and sarcasm and things like that. It got much, much better than all the previous, uh, research, um, that was done with like more traditional NLP methods.
Um, another paper that is, uh, has a lot of citations is glove global vectors. Uh, and global vectors are beautiful 'cause you can learn individual meaning units. Uh, word vectors very, very well from a very large dataset. Uh, the largest dataset that was trained on. In NLP for meaning for semantics. Um, and that led us to realize, wow, you want to jointly train as much in an NLP system as possible.
And that started with single word vectors. Then it became contextual vectors, which led to elmont bird, uh, and then it came to prompt engineering. So you can now [00:16:00] train everything jointly. You train the question, the context, and the answer in one neural network. And what that allows you to do is now you can put all the tasks of NLP into that format, and now you can jointly train a single massive neural network.
And when you train more tasks together, you get a so-called transfer learning capabilities. You learn one skill and that helps you learn another skill like learn the flute. It might help you with the saxophone or something like that. Uh, and in language that is also the case. And so that, um, I think line of research has happened, um, for a while.
And I think, uh, there's another level yet, uh, that could lead us to super intelligence if you go even bigger in training, not just all the tasks, but also the model itself and allow it to like recursively, self-improve and, um, that that will be the next wave of AI that no one has yet done. Uh, like, I think I was mean to talk about the work long vector.
Mm-hmm. Yeah. And [00:17:00] also, but there's a long history behind like work vector. And you, I found that like publicity told me that you make it, uh, to deploy this word vector, like more impractical ways. So like what did you find most interesting in the prior research and what sparked the key idea for your approach?
Like, so the key idea was that, uh, when you train word vectors, uh, you could actually look at the statistics of their context. It's kind of a technical, um, technical idea. Um, but in general, you can think about the meaning of words being highly relevant based on the context of the word, the words that come before, and the words that come after.
So if I say for instance, beautiful, beautiful come often comes just before a noun. Uh, and in many cases, beautiful and pretty would be in similar contexts. Like they come like the most, you know, something, something and then [00:18:00] a noun. Like, and so there's something, uh, these are are very similar. And so ultimately word vectors cluster, uh, and become more similar based on having similar contexts.
Uh, and so if all of it is a, a list of numbers, a vector, it allows a neural network to then take that as an input. Uh, and so that was the main goal. We needed to make natural language be represented in a way that a neural network can use it. And neural networks all function on lists of numbers, which is why they were very easy to use for images.
'cause images are just lists of pixels and their numbers, they RGB values. But for words, uh, and language, we needed to first think of those representations. What did you just explain? Seems like very. Intersection with math and language. That's right. You, you, uh, analyze language in best way, right? That's right.
And, and many people, your work [00:19:00] decided, decided from many people. So how does that feel? Like, how did you foresee a AI's evolution to this point? You know, I always hoped, uh, that my, my research would have this much impact. Um, but you just never know. Uh, you have this potential and, and you work and you try to push the field forward, and then you hope that, um, other people get inspired by that.
Um, it would've been hard to imagine being the fourth most sighted person in the entire history of the field of NLP. Um, would've been impossible to imagine that 10 years ago for me. But, uh, I'm really happy it worked out and feels very meaningful. And, and at that time, the research was kind of like. The beginning of this big wave.
So what was the atmo feel like among the people you were working with and what kind of things did you talk about most? Yeah. A lot of folks around me were still skeptical. I [00:20:00] tried to convince a lot of other PhD students, Hey, let's work on neural networks together in the first couple of years. Everyone's like, no, that's like your little thing.
Like, I'm gonna keep using other methods that are more well established, like conditional random fields and other models that most people don't know anymore. But, uh, um, uh, but then a few folks were also very supportive. Like I, I remember the first talk I ever gave was a Joshua Bengio group, uh, in Montreal.
Um, and it felt like, wow, they're paying me to come and fly, uh, to. Uh, Montreal and then went to Jeff Ton's group in Toronto. And, uh, it was really incredible to have a few folks that said, no, no, this is an interesting thing. Like, uh, and, and that gave me then enough energy, despite a lot of rejections from the field to keep, uh, keep pushing in that direction too.
And, uh, you told me that why, why you research, you want to make impact, like positive impact, but could you explain more detail about what kind of positive impact do you [00:21:00] expect while you are researching? Yeah. I think, uh, natural language processing research in general, uh, can have a lot of positive impact.
'cause we communicate with natural language. And so if computers can communicate also, that means we can translate better, which means people can communicate better, we can summarize information better. We're now also as humanity in a state where access to information isn't a problem anymore. It's mostly that there's too much information and so we need to summarize that information.
Uh, and that's what LMS are very good at too. so@you.com, we're the first to actually take web search results from a web search engine and then infuse them into an LM. So the LM can summarize more content, can be more accurate, up to date, and have citations for the facts. 'cause trust, 'cause trustworthiness is also an important fact, uh, that we're losing more and more, um, now with all this influx of information.
And so, um, it's a, I think a very positive impact, uh, when [00:22:00] humanity can deal better with knowledge, create more knowledge, and then communicate that knowledge better. When you were doing your PhD, what was your, like typically day like? For like, like, because I, it seems like you like study really hard and do many paperwork.
So how was your. My days in the PhD usually started around like 10:00 AM. Um, uh, and then I would, uh, have to do like teaching assistant work. Uh, we had group meetings or paper like, like reading groups and things like that. Um, I have to like grade, uh, some things or manage some other students and, um, you know, uh, kind of, um, I guess, uh, mentor, uh, younger students, uh, and do office hours and things like that.
And then usually when things calm down after dinner, I would, uh, work in the lab and then program myself, uh, [00:23:00] until often like 2, 4, 5 am uh, make sure some experiments run before I go to bed so that, you know, the eye can learn and work while I sleep. And then, uh, I would do it all over again and often for like five, six months every single day.
Um, uh, just like a hundred hour plus work weeks. Um, and, uh, but it was very fun and felt very meaningful. Um, you know, it's, uh, in Germany I was also like top of class in high school and undergrad, but it didn't seem to matter because it wasn't the world stage. But Stanford felt like, wow, if you actually succeed here, the world might notice it might really matter.
Um, and so it, I I was just so motivated, uh, to work super hard. Um, and I think that's what I often struggle with advice for, for young people too, because on the one hand I wanna say, oh, we should all, you know, have good work life balance and be healthy and so on. But the truth is I wasn't healthy and I had no balance 'cause I was only working, um, I had almost no more hobbies.
I was just getting really, [00:24:00] really into AI and my research and I loved it and loved every. Every, um, sort of paper that we we submitted, it felt very meaningful, um, to do that. And so, um, I think having a strong work ethic is, is really important. I was often the last person to leave the computer science department late at night.
And, um, and so yeah, that was the typical life of, uh, during my PhD. I We totally agree with your like moving to like us and life in here because we are also based in South Korea. Mm-hmm. And we are coming here because of that reason. 'cause if we succeed here, we can like sit in the global world like that.
That's right. Yeah. We told them just Yeah. Agree with you. Nice. Okay. And, but I feel like you really like your research and like, work, but why did you like, uh, start, start your first startup? Yeah. I think, uh. I love natural language [00:25:00] processing. And when you think about the impact it could have, uh, you had to first actually make it work.
But then after the PhD, I was like, now we have the main ingredients. We know how to make it work. We need large neural networks, we need a lot of data. And I showed that in all my research papers. Uh, and now we need to actually scale it up. We need to like take those ideas and apply them into real applications for real people.
Uh, and I think a lot of the papers that came out in the last couple of years, they made everything a little bit better. But those main ideas of end to end trainable neural networks on large data sets, that is the main idea. That's, that those, those ingredients are the main ideas that push the field forward.
And I felt like it made more sense now to, uh, majorly scale that. And then in academia, you just don't have the resources to really scale. And then while I was excited about scaling it, I should have scaled it even more. You know, I thought, oh, I raised like 10, $20 million, but I should have raised 200 million or a billion [00:26:00] dollars to really scale it more.
So, um, those are still, there's still some mistakes to be made, but I think, or that I have made. But I think, uh, it was clear to me that to really scale it, you had to do it in industry and that the technology was ready now to move out of academic research into the real world. And then when you maximize impact and you realize, well, the main ideas have, we've been researched, now it's time to really apply them in the real world.
And so, uh, startup, uh, felt like it made sense. When was it? So I graduated in 2014 and then, uh, did MetaMind from 2014 to 2016. And could you explain what meta was? MetaMind, uh, was basically an AI platform that made it very easy to train neural networks. So you just drag and drop images or text into the browser, and then you get, uh, a model out that was fine tuned and trained on a particular data set.
Uh, and then you have a couple of lines of code and you have an API that then just, uh, lets you use that AI in your own products. And we applied that to [00:27:00] e-commerce and images and, and 3D like, uh, CT scans of brains and, uh, sentiment analysis and a lot of other, um, NLP and vision tasks. I guess that at the time there was not many those kind of startups, I guess.
So could you explain what kind of atmosphere or like environment in silicon at that time? Yeah, I think, uh, at that time you actually had to convince a lot of companies why AI is relevant in the first place, why it's needed, and so. Um, it's very different and now everyone knows it's needed. Now you need to convince them that you're actually good at it or like that you know what you're doing and that you really can help, uh, a company with the technology.
How can you convince people, like, tell your strategy something? I think, uh, a strategy that often works is you explain other examples, um, of other companies and how they [00:28:00] made, uh, um, AI successful for their own business. And then people are like, oh, I guess if that company can do it, then maybe we can do it too.
And even though you feel that you want to scale in the, in the industry with your ingredient, but I feel like you maybe like, uh, you, you may have a lot of challenges. So what challenges did you face starting a company that were different from research? Yeah, companies are very different, uh, and have, uh, some similar but mostly different challenges to research.
Uh, I think in companies it's mostly about empowering other people, uh, to do the right work. Uh, and especially if you're a founder of the company, uh, you eventually realize your own productivity is much less important in making sure everyone else in the organization is productive, has the right direction, knows what the goals are, uh, and gets aligned on [00:29:00] how to measure the success of those goals.
Um, understanding the obstacles, uh, and then being able to charge hard towards those goals. Uh, and so, uh, I think in research, especially if you're an individual contributor researcher, it's your own code output that, that you need to think about a lot. Um, and so, and then of course, as, as companies. The main goal is to not inspire people with your ideas, but it's to sell a product.
Um, and so you need to think about the marketing and the sales and the brand and and so on. And um, yeah, those are things that you can always do better until you know your Apple and everyone loves your brand and you have like brand awareness everywhere. And there's, that's, uh, one of my mottoes there is like, better, better never done.
Like you can always improve, uh, further. And, uh, uh, and you saw MetaMind to save first. So, uh, what made you believe [00:30:00] Ian was the right decision? Yeah, uh, I think we had built a lot of amazing technology, uh, and we had, uh, started selling it to, but. For selling, you had to be very, very focused on one small niche.
But we had built this very powerful platform, and so it felt like in the hands of a, no pun intended, Salesforce, that is very large. Um, we could actually have much, much more impact. So it again, came back to impact, and the impact within Salesforce was much, much larger, um, for the way we had built that company.
And it was your first startup? Mm-hmm. But you had like q like exit, but so at the time, like what, what did you feel and, or can you imagine what's the next of that exit? What do you mean? What's the next of the, oh, like what, what's going after this exit? What I'm, I'm going to do after this? Like that. Right.
Yeah. So I was of course very happy. Um, [00:31:00] uh, also, of course. In some ways when you start a company, you wanted to become a massive, massive company. So we failed a little bit also. Right? Um, but it was also a major success. Uh, so those feelings kind of, uh, come together when you sell a company. Uh, and um, and then I thought for a long time, like I'll just be very happy 'cause uh, and stay, uh, at Salesforce and do amazing research and improve a lot of the products and launch new kinds of products with the Einstein like, and, and sales, um, and service and marketing cloud and fusing AI into all of these different product lines.
And that was a lot of fun. Um, and the research also felt very meaningful. 'cause we did not just prompt engineering, but we also built the largest language model for proteins, for instance, and biology. And then we actually synthesized those proteins and wet labs and it actually worked and it was amazing.
Um, and, and so yeah, uh, that just, I was just excited to, to scale, uh, both the research and the applications and having that environment was really [00:32:00] amazing. Having. And Mark Beov also as, as a, uh, CEO and mentor, uh, and someone I could learn from was really amazing too. And do you do both research and application while you are in mm-hmm.
In MetaMind? That's right. Uh, both at MetaMind and, uh, at Salesforce. Yeah. And how can you balance, uh, as CEO at the time? Or you just do I just work extra hard and you just kind of have two jobs and, yeah. Okay. And, and 2016 it was like, I Fargo has come up and like, everything, like I felt immersed. So, did that in, uh, did that event influence you and if you changed because of it, what was the reason?
Yeah. I, it's never been a big surprise to me that, uh, you can train. AI models on computer games [00:33:00] until they're better than humans. 'cause computer games are very simple and you know exactly what your score is. Uh, and you can simulate them infinitely many times. And anything you can simulate and or verify that the output is good.
AI can create unlimited training data and hence, um, it works really well. So, um, unfortunately, natural language is very hard to stimulate and knowing that my conversation is going in the right direction isn't as easy as playing a game. Uh, and so, uh, yeah, AlphaGo did not really influence me that much. Uh, and I'm curious though, why is Salesforce for your Applic acquisition?
Is there any specific reason for that specific reason why they acquired MetaMind? Yeah, why, why not other company, but why you? Like, so sell MetaMind to Salesforce. Yeah. 'cause the, the impact that we could have in that [00:34:00] organization with that technology was immense. And, and you led Salesforce AI strategy for four years.
So what did you learn there that you are applying the you.com now? Yeah. I learned so many things. You know, it's four and a half years, almost half a decade. Um, and, uh, a lot of it is just like how to run larger organizations. What kinds of things you can, um, what kinds of functions you can use to support, uh, you in, in your own journey.
What things you can delegate, how to delegate, how to inspire people, how to motivate them, how to grow an organization, how important sales is, uh, and marketing and branding. Um, and, and so on. I, I, I learned a lot during that half decade. I was a very formative couple of years. So why did you decide to leave Salesforce to start u.com?
Like is there any specific moment you decide that? Yeah, I think, you [00:35:00] know, we had invented prompt engineering. Uh, and so we trained this one neural network that can give you all different kinds of answers. And so we thought clearly people should get access to this. And we published a paper and, you know, the paper got cited by other people at OpenAI and Alec Radford and Ilia, and, um, they said, oh, this is an interesting idea.
And they extended it and uh, and so on. But we felt like, well, they're also research labs, so we needed to bring this to real people. Uh, and Google was just not doing anything. 'cause they're a monopoly. They're making money and more and more money just selling advertisement. And so they didn't see a reason, uh, and weren't making any interesting sort of modifications to fundamentally how we search.
And so we felt like, well, someone's gotta do it. Uh, and so we, we started u.com and we felt like. It had to be a new company to have the impact to really become a better way of finding information online. And eventually we became the first to put an [00:36:00] LM into a search engine. So when you ask like, how to write this essay, it would just like on top write the essay for you an lm if you ask like how to write this code or this function, there'd be an LM code widget that would write the code for you.
So we invented a lot of really exciting things that were the first, but also didn't have amazing marketing and branding. Um, and so eventually we realized that the best way to get this technology out is actually to enable others to use our APIs, use our search infrastructure, use our LM infrastructure, uh, and the combinations of those, um, to empower their own products.
And since we've made that switch, we're now increasing revenue immensely. And it's been really exciting. And like, can you tell me more about, uh, what it was like back when you were like. Uh, inventing, developing prop prompt engineering. Yeah. So the idea of prompt engineering, uh, came out of jointly pre-training more and more into one [00:37:00] neural network.
Uh, we had already invented word vectors, then we invented contextual vectors so that you could pre-train not just a single word, but an entire sentence. 'cause words never appear in isolation, right? They always can be, couldn't, like, uh, appear in some kind of context. And so, but then you say, well, we have an encoder, uh, for, you know, the inputs, but really you have different models.
At the time, a lot of people like, were convinced, okay, we can use neural networks. But then they said, but I have a neural network for sentiment analysis. I have a neural network for translation. I have a neural network for question answering. I have a neural network for all these different tasks, part of speech tagging or whatever it was at the time.
And we said, well, but we want to put 'em all together. We need to find a structure to. Unify all of NLP and that unification became question answering or what we now call prompting. Like you just say, here's some context, here's [00:38:00] a question over that context, and then here's an answer. And now all of a sudden everything in NLP and actually everything in AI can be in that format, context, question, answer, uh, context, prompt, answer.
And with that unification, we could all of a sudden make obsolete all the manual architecture design that was happening and just have one unified model. And once you have a unified model, then you can pre-train on every single task. Um, and that was, I think, uh, a core idea. And since then, since 2018, you know, in the last seven years, people have scaled that idea up more and more and made.
Made it better and better with a lot of different tricks and reinforcement learning and more fine tuning and reasoning and chain of thoughts and and so on. Uh, but that very core idea, um, uh, I feel like was, was very powerful and, um, excited to, to see it really be adopted. [00:39:00] Oh, and like you told me that you put in your search engine mm-hmm.
For your do com, like could you explain what it is different from others and because for us, like what is different? Because we don't know how, how it different. So could you explain it more deeply? So I guess how it's different. Imagine, you know, Google Gemini, like people also ask and you get like answers from ai.
We did those kinds of things. But in 20 21, 20 22. So it is different because it was no, no one, it doesn't exist. So, uh, it was different because in 2022 people just gave you lists of blue links. How, how did you do that? That, any idea, how did you make the, the idea that this didn't exist before life? What kind of background makes you do that?
You know, a research background where you, the whole idea of being a PhD is to [00:40:00] do things that don't exist, right? To create new ideas and, and new models. Uh, and, and then you can often think about what kinds of new ideas and models should you build the kinds of things that are useful for people. And when you ask like, oh, how do I write the Fib NCI function, or How do I write an HTML page that does something?
It's just obvious that it's better to just get an answer from an LM than to just get a list of blue links where you then have to click on 10 open tabs and open them up and then kind of, uh, you know, find the answer somewhere else. Uh, and so. That just seems like from first principles, it's better to get an answer than lists of links that may have the answer or not.
So, um, that's how we invented that one. Ah, then that's why you, like I saw your LinkedIn and you described you yourself as tech Pioneer, pioneer, pioneer. Uh, the tech pioneer thing is just a world economic forum, uh, sort of, [00:41:00] um, uh, program, uh, where you can go to World Economic Forum, you can meet a bunch of potential customers and uh, talk to, uh, other thought leaders in the space and uh, and so on.
It's a program. They have a young global leaders program and tech pioneer and unicorn programs and things like that. Yeah. Ah, okay. Uh, because I thought that, you told me that you make the idea that doesn't exist. Mm-hmm. So I thought you are kind of pioneers. I think that is a very key. Word that represent you.
Mm-hmm. So then, then what, what do you think about my thoughts? Like, yeah, are you a pioneer? I mean, uh, I guess thank you for that. It's kind of weird saying like, oh yes, I'm like, if, you know, 'cause it's, it's a positive word, so it's weird for me to say it, but you know, if you say it, I'll take it. Okay. Uh, and, uh, and also, uh, and u dot com's only vision was a privacy like focused, [00:42:00] personalized search engine.
So, and I read that you believe that search is the starting point of like all knowledge work and that better search experience could spark a productivity about Michelle. Mm-hmm. So like, could you tell me about that belief in your own words? Yeah. So I think, uh, search engines are, uh, for many people the default way to start, uh, knowledge or, uh, internet.
And so because they're the default, they're very, very powerful. It's very powerful to be the default in your browser. Uh, and that's why we wanted to start as a search engine, but eventually realize that, um, it's a completely new kind of engine. It's an answer engine, it's a knowledge engine. It's not actually a search engine.
And after like church 50 launch in late 2020 22, like you quickly pivoted to [00:43:00] B2B enterprise AI from B2C. Like, could you explain those moments? Yeah. I think when you see that now Google is activated, that other folks have like massively better marketing and so on, it's very hard, uh, to then say, oh, we're gonna keep competing on that.
And also we realize that many people don't have very complex questions every day in their lives. Turns out a lot of normal people just ask like, what's the weather tomorrow? How do I get from A to B? What's uh, the score of this game? Um, who's the president of France? All of those are questions that you can answer within one second on Google already.
Um, but when you have a really complex question, it's either 'cause you're a student, you have to learn or researcher or it's 'cause you're working and you need to do more complex things in your work. Uh, and so we realized eventually that the best technology application for LMS is when people have [00:44:00] complex questions for their work.
And, and new com is described as a search engine where AI productivity to an agent platform like that. So how about like, how do you define it in one sentence? Right now? This is all in the past right now. Uh, u.com is AI search infras. Could you explain a little bit detail? Happy to. Yeah. So a lot of folks now realize they need ai, but only the experts realize that in order to make AI accurate, in order to make an LM not hallucinate, you actually need to have a good search infrastructure to inform that lm.
And so people searched on Google now, AI and LMS and agents search on new.com. So we built that infrastructure layer 'cause we've been at, since 2022. Uh, and what we found is more and more companies actually [00:45:00] want to use the underlying infrastructure for their own solutions inside their own products. So now we have companies like Windsurf.
Um, that use you dot com's APIs to make Windsor programming better. We have companies like Harvey that uses, uh, our APIs for search to make legal AI better. We have companies, uh, like the DPA, the German press agency that makes, uh, journalists more effective and efficient in writing accurate articles through our APIs inside their own product.
Uh, we have OpenAI uses, uh, OSS, uh, uses our APIs in their open source GPT model and go on GitHub and see the default, uh, way to make the LLM, uh, from OpenAI, uh, more accurate is by infusing it with web search capabilities that are built for lms. Uh, and so there's a long list of other companies, some with billions of users that [00:46:00] use our API infrastructure to make their LMS up to date accurate and have citations so you can actually verify.
That the facts are correct. Uh, and so, uh, that is what we're really focused on now. Now, not every company is able to just take our APIs and inform their product, uh, and use everything as is. Uh, some of them want complete solutions, uh, for transforming their business. And so we're also have, uh, the efforts to help companies with white glove, uh, end-to-end AI transformations and solutions, uh, so that in the end they can use our APIs more and more easily.
So you are all head of those, like open AI and Google as any of this like MLM, right? Sorry, what? You were all head of like mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, we we launched a lot of those products before other people did. Yeah. Then it must be hard to convince people [00:47:00] at the time as well. Yeah. So was there a belief or mission that kept you going through going through it all?
Yeah. Um. It again, from first principles, just like with, uh, early days of natural language processing, the natural, just like in the early days of the NLP community being very skeptical of neural nets, a lot of users were skeptical, uh, of this new technology. And then somehow opening, I was able to manage just to really excite people about this technology.
And it's like they, they scaled up those ideas massively more, um, uh, and made the technology so good that you could have a conversation with the ai. And I think instead of thinking of it as a search engine and having been compared to Google all the time, they created new kind of product, right? That is just a chat.
Um, as you know, initially just a, a research preview kind of thing. Um, but a lot of people were just amazed, um, what's [00:48:00] possible. And that's how they got introduced to lms. Uh, and then of course the rest is more well known history. Mm. And do you think, like compared to research, like startups move, uh, much faster or what do Yeah, I mean, research also moves very quickly now.
Um, so, but yes, of course startups like you have an idea, you can implement it, you can ship it, and then like three weeks later you can have users really try it out. So it, it does move faster than research where sometimes it takes you a year or two, like it took OpenAI many years to do amazing research and then ship something eventually that people really loved.
Um, and, you know, they worked on robotic hands and on doda gameplay and so on, uh, before they then moved into natural language processing. And so, um, sometimes research takes much longer. Uh, and some of the really hard problems take like a year or two, um, before you can then, uh, bring them into the world.[00:49:00] 
And do you think, like some people told us that we have to a little bit slow down in this AI era like that. So do you also agree with, with that or like for the research, for the hard problem we have, they, if it takes times, but these days startups move so fast so there can be something they miss. Miss. So what do you think of this start?
Um, some people think we should like slow down. I think we should accelerate more. I think we should accelerate everything a lot more. We should accelerate getting, uh, clean cheap energy more. 'cause a lot of problems of humanity can be boiled down to not having enough energy. Like people think we're short of water, we have enough water.
If we could desalinate water more cheaply, uh, I think we need to accelerate. AI more because ai, especially [00:50:00] AI scientists can discover new physics and better fusion. Uh, they can discover new materials for better batteries. Uh, they can cure many diseases all the way to curing, uh, aging. Um, and hence allow many more people to live healthy, longer lives.
Uh, and I think we need to accelerate all of that. Um, and I think sometimes the transition phases can be hard, uh, when you have a new technology and it changes the job landscape. But if you have a more long-term view, it's very obviously a positive thing. Like over 150 years ago, over 90% of people worked in agriculture just trying to have enough food.
Now it's only 5%. So evil tractors took 90% of all the jobs. Now no one is like, oh, I wish I could work in the field every day with my hand. It's, it's like, uh, and I think the same thing will [00:51:00] be true for a lot of jobs that people do right now. Very few people will say, oh, I wish I could sit by myself in a car all day and drive a big truck on the highway.
Like, uh, you just, you get obese, you don't get exercise, you're by yourself. Like, um, and it, it's not that fun of a job. Uh, and so, but at the same time, these transitions are, can be hard. Uh, and you need to have the right, uh, social structure to like help people in the transition. Allow them with new skills and lifelong education, uh, healthcare that they can, you know, still be healthy while they're learning new skills.
Um, and then eventually I think it'll be very, very positive for, for humanity to have AI do a lot of boring things. Not just have enough food very quickly, but enough clothing and, and other things. Um. And then we can all kind of self-actualize a lot more and work on more interesting, creative, empathetic things with other people.[00:52:00] 
And you seem really interested in like humanities problems, I guess so, but, uh, what kind of background makes you think about more, more intimate problems? I guess that, I guess that that is your like ultimate goal to help people, but could you explain a little bit more detail? Like what kind of, uh, impact, like influence did you get before to get those kind of mission or region?
Um, I think it's mostly like first principles thinking of like what, uh, what could I do such that people have a reason to positively remember me in history, um, and what could we do with technology to improve? Uh, life, uh, life on earth, human life, um, animal life. Uh, and, and eventually try to spread [00:53:00] intelligence into a universe.
Like there's a lot of sort of rocks in the universe and a lot of cool planets, or, and surprisingly, we still haven't heard from a lot of other life, uh, that is very intelligent, um, in the universe. And so, um, I think it'll be really exciting to solve all the problems on this planet. Eventually, like spread more intelligent entities, um, that are human inspired or human, um, into, into like more places of an otherwise fairly dead and uncaring universe.
Cool. And go back to your job, uh, your role as CEO in new.com. Now, like, do you have any like, complex problems you, uh, like in your, these. Of course, as a CEO, you have non like, uh, non-trivial, complex problems every day. Yeah. Um, you know, it's a lot of, uh, like managing people, choosing the right [00:54:00] directions, having the right strategy, uh, convincing large customers, uh, to use your products.
Um, building the right products, uh, helping on the technology and, um, empowering your employees. I mean, there are, there are all kinds of interesting problems, uh, all the time. And what was the most tricky one? You, you are struggling these days.
I think the really tricky ones I probably don't wanna share. Right. Uh, because you don't wanna share both your problems and your solutions with the competition, uh, some of whom you've interviewed before. So they might be watching, uh, and we know they're, they're sort of trying to understand what we're doing and.
So, you know, the most interesting problems are those that will influence the next 3, 6, 12 months of, of product strategy. Um, and because already we have a lot of competition that steals and copies our ideas, like, you know, we, we don't wanna share those ideas [00:55:00] before we even launch them. Um, but thinking about what you need to ship next is one of the most important questions.
Uh, right now the field moves very quickly. People, like anything you build, people will try to copy. Uh, so you need to constantly innovate and constantly push, uh, yourself and the company, um, to, to stay ahead. And so, especially now, you know, we have AI search infrastructure and we're the best solution, especially when it comes to all these complex requirements like being up to date, being very fast in the API response, uh, being very comprehensive.
Ranking all your results really well for the LMS to be able to give you the right answer. And then being also very cost effective. Right? There are five different requirements and dimensions and, uh, we have all kinds of cool ideas on, on how to stay the best, uh, along those five dimensions. I think that is the smart answer.
And when you make a product [00:56:00] strategy, what, what you are going to ship next? Like what kind of timeframe do you look at? How, how far do you do it? Yeah. I wish I could take, look at longer timeframes, but the field moves so quickly you have to mostly think of like two to four week cycles, uh, to try to move quickly, uh, and get ideas out.
Also, we have a lot of customers and customers are asking us for all kinds of cool features. Uh, and so usually you try to get those as quickly as possible, but then there are some things. That just take time and you need to separate out those resources and let people kind of cook, um, and, and work, um, for sometimes six, 12 months, uh, before they can then make a really exciting product release.
And, you know, we have a bunch of those things coming out, uh, from you.com in the next couple months that I think will be very exciting, uh, and will hopefully unlock knowledge. You know, it's kind of crazy, but if you think about like, yes, you have Google and people can kind [00:57:00] of use Google, but if you're a company and you want to bring knowledge to people too, Google doesn't give you an API that you can infuse the knowledge from the internet into your own products, all right?
And into your own lm. So you're always dependent on other people. And so I think it's important for the whole information ecosystem of the web to have these kinds of APIs that we provide@you.com. Uh, 'cause it empowers people and their agents, their AI agents, their lms. To have more knowledge. And I think that in, in return then improves how much knowledge there is in the world.
And that means if we understand existing knowledge better, we can also create new knowledge better. Um, and, and yeah, so we're really excited have, for instance, customers like the NIH, national Institute of Health, uh, that use u.com customers like, uh, the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, where Einstein Oppenheimer work their customers of u.com.
Um, and, and we have a lot of [00:58:00] like amazing, like hedge funds and insurance companies and and so on that are all doing productive work and helping, you know, people get their claims processed faster. And um, a lot of times it's surprising to see how often. Problems in work are essentially about giving the right answer.
Like, should I process like and, and accept this claim? Yes or no? Should I invest in this company? Yes or no? Should I, you know, invest in this stock? Yes or no? Is this, uh, general market going to grow? Yes or no? Um, should I like research this paper more or is this an interesting research direction? Yes or no?
And like, and why, right? It's not just yes or no, but it's often like, why? And gimme me the reasons, gimme me the facts, gimme the citations for those facts. So those are all things that the, to me feel very meaningful that we're doing in you don't know. And I also agree that it's very competitive, but that's exactly why we are [00:59:00] able to unlock knowledge faster, I guess.
Yeah. So, but so do you think should be competing even more? And what kind of advice would you give to AI startups in this era? About unlocking knowledge. So the advice for other AI startups, uh, is to think about unique data sets and applications. Um, I think there's a lot of momentum from big companies already, um, and companies backed by really big companies like Microsoft and Salesforce and Google.
And so it's important, uh, to think about what are the right applications where you can create ideally virtuous data cycles where you do something manually, you collect data, and then you make that decision process a little bit better, and then at some point you've made it good enough that you can automate it.
Uh, and so I for instance, didn't wanna invest in [01:00:00] a bunch of self-driving car companies that said, we don't even need a steering wheel, we just need to like have a full self-driving car. And I was like, oh man, you can't sell that car until you're perfect. And so that's not generally good. AI is not right away, perfect.
Humans aren't perfect, right? Humans still make, uh, driving mistakes and so on. AI will make some driving mistakes too. And so it's good to have a steering wheel. Um, and so the companies that were able to eventually get to full self-driving were either the really clever ones like Tesla, uh, where you buy the car, you pay for the product, you use the product.
You're now creating training data by using the product. And then the AI can use that training data and eventually automate, uh, the process. Um, or you have just unlimited money. Like Google just prints half a billion dollars of profits every day. And so they don't know what to do with it. They build internet balloons, they build self-driving cars.
They like do all kinds of cool stuff. Um, 'cause they don't know what to do with all the money that they're making. [01:01:00] Um, and so when you have unlimited resources, then you, you can also get to full self-driving these really complex goals. Um, now. What are other applications that startups can think about? Uh, it, you know, there's all kinds of things like in CRM applications, customer relationship management systems.
There's also like, you answer a question in a service ticket that comes in, you check that humans do it correctly. You give humans recommendations, you collect the labels for those humans, and eventually you can just automatically answer those service use cases. And that's kind of what a lot of companies are now working towards with, uh, agents in, uh, enterprise applications.
And I think it is related to your answer, but those AI really unlock knowledge because like I saw that you told, you told the evidence or garbage in, garbage out like that. So maybe like, isn't it just passing on information that already exists on the [01:02:00] internet? Like just rotating, like stuck in the bubble like that?
So could you, could you actually be making us more. How wide is that? I do think LMS are really good at synthesizing knowledge. So when you combine them with a good search engine and an AI search infrastructure layer that we've built@you.com, then they can be very, very useful. But it's also true if you, for instance, you ask like, oh, what are my financial, uh, num like quarterly results from last quarter?
Well, if your search matches last quarter to some document from three years ago that talked about the last quarter, then, and it sends those in like, uh, facts and numbers into the prompt of the LM and then the LM summarizes it, the LM will give you a wrong answer. And so the search part of, uh, AI and agents and LMS is extremely important to make it right and if the search gives you garbage.
To your prompt, then the LM will give you [01:03:00] garbage out, uh, as an answer. But if the search is accurate, it can then synthesize all of those things, reason over them, program, uh, in some cases over them, and then give you a correct answer. And I understand that you.com is like kind of fundamental things for other good AI agents, something.
But, uh, to be honest, like not many people, like for like, who are not expert or who are not engineer, don't know about your company, some people goes like brand recognition and user base or not that bigger than like, like something I guess. So like, could you explain like, what do you think about this? And like, why do you, yeah.
Like what do you think about this? These things like competition, um. Yeah, I think that we need to have more brand recognition and spend more money on [01:04:00] marketing. Yeah. Hmm. Okay. But like many like, uh, and your you.com, I saw that many good customers make good AI agents. Mm-hmm. So could you explain, uh, like good example for that?
For that? Yeah. So, you know, you've heard of OpenAI Open source, uh, G-P-T-O-S-S-G-P-T now uses u.com. So in some ways we care about the experts that build good AI to know about us and use us, and they do, um, you know, windsurf, Harvey OpenAI, um, and a whole host of other really large companies, Amazon, Alibaba, they all are customers of you.com.
So we're very excited. Um. And we're well known with the right people, but we're not a consumer company anymore, right? We don't need to have millions of free users in India, um, that cost a lot of [01:05:00] money and are hard to monetize. Um, we're not sort of looking, uh, for that kind of growth. And there we have, there are companies, amazing consumer companies like OpenAI and um, and Google and others that can work, uh, on just general awareness, um, for consumers.
Uh, we're focused on enterprise users, and I guess that is a huge key from consumer to enterprise. So how can you, like, persuade, like, persuade people and what makes you so certain about that? People, um, you know, the technology is the same, but uh, at some point you just follow the revenue. And what makes me certain is that we're growing revenue a lot.
So you, you chose to. Uh, and during the pivot, like, uh, what is your principle to like, make, uh, company scale? Like do you [01:06:00] have any like, advice to people who are going to pbo? Um, I guess, you know, there's sort of different pivots in the world, right? You can say, oh, we're, we're like, make cameras and now we sell soft drinks, right?
That's a big pivot. Um, but we gave people answers and now we give people answers. But how we're selling those answers is different. Uh, and it's good to follow the revenue. Um, and if here are a bunch of people who want to use the product for free and then here are a bunch of people who want to use and get really good answers over their own custom data sets, and they're willing to pay you follow the people that pay.
Um, and you build a product that people love, um, for their work. You know, so one, sometimes you connect, uh, data, uh, and, and your own data that you're collecting as a company, and you just follow that. And then sometimes you combine that with first principles thinking. And [01:07:00] again, from first principles, um, you have some, uh, normal people.
Like if you're just going about your normal life, um, uh, and you just ask what's the score of the game? Next day you ask, what's the weather tomorrow? Is it gonna rain the next day? You ask, okay, like, who won the president's, uh, election, um, presidency? Those answers you can already get on Google. Right? And so from first principles, it's unclear that you need to try to chase those users, um, that have defaults, that don't know how to change their defaults.
A lot of users don't change a default ever on their iPhone, for instance. They just use whatever the iPhone comes with. So it's a very hard uphill battle. Uh, and then, you know, you're solving real problems for enterprise customers. They're struggling, they're not able to work as efficiently. Um, they want to be more productive.
They know their competition is [01:08:00] more productive. They want the LMS to be accurate for their users. And you know, you've already built the technology to give it to them. Um, so you follow that. And I saw that your u.com is focused on a RI and I'm confused that AI a RI is advanced research intelligence or advanced research and insights.
'cause I saw that there is a mixed Yeah, yeah. It's advanced research and insights. Yeah. And like, could you explain why. The why you make this term and what what does it mean? Yeah. Ari is our advanced research and insights mode. Uh, it's an agent that will do very deep research, and it's actually better as a deep research agent than any other research agent out there.
Will write you longer reports, have more citations, be more factually accurate, be closer to the prompt, uh, follow, uh, instructions better and all of that than any other deep research agent out there. It's, it's pretty remarkable actually. [01:09:00] We've tested it. They're public benchmarks. You can open source, like, verify, um, all of these statements.
It's not just marketing, um, but it's, it's real. And you com became a unicorn, like Exactly. And congratulations for that. Thank you. And, and what do you, first of all, like, what do you feel at the moment? I know that you are happy, of course, but like, could you explain a little bit detail? Like what do you talk with your, like people who are, who you are working with and.
Uh, and especially is your, like, you had a great exit with your previous startup and this is also huge success. So, uh, do you have any difference, uh, fielding or like, could you explain that, that moment? Yeah, it's a really great moment, you know, in many ways. Like we've been at this, uh, already for a few years and most startups fail, right?
Most venture funds fail. Um, and so it's amazing, uh, to become a unicorn. And, uh, and in many ways it also [01:10:00] just feels like, okay, it's this, what's next? What's the next step? Um, there's so much more knowledge we can bring to our enterprise customers. There's so many more things we can build, uh, so much more ai, uh, that, that we can, uh, create, uh, and products we can ship.
So, um, I often think about what's next. Uh, I don't spend too much time celebrating, uh, the past and. Despite all this success, like I'm sure there were lots of up and downs. So like, uh, looking back, is there a decision that you feel was absolutely crucial and like, if we hadn't made that one, we wouldn't have come this fall?
I think the biggest thing for us was the pivot into enterprise. Yeah. That was, uh, um, a really good focus. You know, you can already, you can still use the product, you know, it's barely, you can call it a pivot, but really it's a focus, uh, it's focus on enterprise users. Um, that's, [01:11:00] that's what was important for us.
Follow real revenue. Not like, okay, hype. Some people say, oh, I want to use this product for free. And you're like, okay, that's great. But if you build something that companies are willing to pay for, you know, you've built something of value, then in these days, what do you think? Like, uh. Or like hype? Like what, what do you think, what is hype now?
Do you have any in your mind? Mm, yeah, there's still, there's also, it's kind of interesting. It's hard to navigate ai, um, because on the one hand there's real impact, right? Our customers have built over a hundred thousand agents that are automating real tasks for their work, right? And they're telling us and they're paying us for it 'cause it's valuable and it's, it works At the same time.
There's a lot of hype and around ai, like how quickly and how far are we on super intelligence? [01:12:00] Uh, are we on the right track for that? Um, how much could, uh, a browser automate complete tasks without knowing enough about me and things like that. And sometimes the timelines are a little bit off, you know, maybe it will take a little bit longer 'cause they're murky human incentive structures, um, that slow things down.
Like we could have a lot of agents on the web. But agents don't click on ads, and the web is ad supported, and so it's harder to, uh, get all these agents to, to be not blocked, um, by, uh, a lot of ad supported, uh, websites and so on. So there's a lot of complexity and sometimes that the timelines of hype, uh, are a little bit ahead of their skis.
And then of course there's sort of, uh, some startups that are able to use the hype really well for themselves. Um, but ultimately they're competing against Google that has now actually changed, uh, or OpenAI. And OpenAI is doing a lot of exciting things too. And so you don't want to be, uh, too close to what they've already [01:13:00] built or have on their, um, roadmap.
And do you think, uh, the orchestration like agent is in Brooklyn, uh, for next step? What do think. I think origin, uh, agent orchestration will be important. To be honest, right now, most companies just need agents that work. And if you have two agents, you could often just create a more complex single agent and give an instructions to that agent and then have it, just make sure that task really, really works.
Um, and once you're good at that and you really see the impact, then you can have multi-agent orchestration too. Uh, and it becoming easier and easier with cps. Uh, it's a good, uh, framework for that. Um, but yeah, it's, uh, it's not what most companies need yet. [01:14:00] And uh, I think that you are the person who think.
This step clear, I can go next, but are you the person who is like that or you put the goal and you are like finding the way how to get that? Like what's the more close to you? Yeah, so I guess there are sort of bottoms up thinkers and top down thinkers and uh, I think personally I'm much more of a top down.
I set a complex goal and then I'll try to figure out how to get there. Then could you like, share your complex thoughts, like thoughts before what you did? Like, did you like, like okay. Like could you explain like the, the episode that you put some complex goal mm-hmm. And do what you are going to do. Like, could you explain what was it?
Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um, we talked about [01:15:00] many of them already. You know, the complex goal was train word vectors that are much more efficient. And that led to glove, uh, complex goal, a high level goal. Top down goal was to train a single network for all of natural language processing. And then we had multiple papers and eventually build the whole thing with Deca NLP goal was to build a better search engine, um, and then kept adding LM features and so on into it.
Uh, the goal was to make more revenue, so we followed the revenue and, uh, help enterprise customers, uh, be successful. Um, and uh, now the goal is to do, uh, even more and become the best AI search infrastructure. Um, and so we're working on all kinds of ways of doing that. And I also, uh, I found that you've said human agency and attention will be the most important factors in human [01:16:00] humans productivity going forward.
So. For you, like, what was your agency like? What was your original originality? Especially to develop, like, to maintain, like could you explain your personality or agency? Um, yeah, what, what do I mean by agency? I think agency means that when you see a problem in the world, um, or you have a goal, you have a propensity to action, you actually do something towards that goal.
You break down the goal into smaller chunks, and then you try to execute, um, on those and take those actions. That's, that's what means to have agencies. So you want to become a professor, you gotta find good PhD programs, you wanna start a startup, you need to learn, talk to investors and pitch your idea.
You, you know, having that agency, uh, to tackle the problems that you set for yourself. Um, that's, yeah, that's what I mean by. [01:17:00] Hmm. And you've been in AI for a long time, like two decades case. So, uh, like and you also went to many interviews like this, and what kind of questions did you get as the most recently?
Like why, why do you think people ask you that? Um, I guess most recently I was just at Dreamforce and, uh, I got some questions around vertical, um, vertical AI applications, um, which makes a lot of sense 'cause you want to, uh, you know, one, have a platform, but you want to make sure that platform works for real tasks.
And a real tasks are often, uh, quite specific. Uh, and need to have specific search indices. That's why we, for instance, provide like a news index or a legal index or, uh, transportation and hospitality index, uh, and all of these different. Sub indices mean, uh, and [01:18:00] allow our customers to then build more unique AI applications on top.
Uh, and so providing that data and search capability, um, is very powerful and that's why I asked that question. And you are also a investor, so like when investing, what kind of criteria or characteristics characteristics do you look for most? Like what types of companies do you usually invest in? Yeah, so, uh, at AI X Ventures, we invest in, uh, seed stage AI companies.
Um, and, uh, we look for founders who have, uh, a lot of intellectual horsepower, which is very, very smart. They don't give up easily, they work very hard, uh, and they have good ideas, uh, strong convictions loosely held is what, uh, people often say. Um, we wanna make sure that the founding teams also know each other and have ideally work together.
Um, we look for. Strong AI capabilities. You know, folks that have [01:19:00] a good, uh, strong technology skills, uh, as well as deep industry insights, um, where we, uh, essentially, uh, want to ensure that they know how AI could really be applied to their industry. So you can build a lot of cool AI and call it cool technology, but ultimately you need to be able to sell it into an industry.
Um, and we look for highly positive, impactful applications like in, uh, tech Bio, for instance. Um, uh, and yeah, folks, uh, and, and startup founders that want to build a big company. We're not really interested in folks who just wanna sell for $50 million, uh, and do something else after. Um, and, and then, you know, we evaluate also risks, uh, that that companies have markets and the size of their markets, the total addressable market and things like that.
Hmm. And so you are a researcher and c like founder and also [01:20:00] investor and also you. And what advantage does holding all these perspective perspectives give you? Uh, I think, uh, it gives you, uh, a really, uh, holistic view of, of ai, uh, where it's going. And it helps you kind of shape, uh, the direction of ai, uh, broadly.
And, uh, it's, it's really interesting intellectually then, uh, when you have to choose one position, like what, like between, among like researcher and founder or something, like what kind of things you want to do like forever at the end of your life. I mean, you know, a founder is just, uh, you are a founder and then you, you're always a founder, right?
Like, but you're not founding every day like a new company. So, uh. Being a founder is great. So, but you don't want to go back to the [01:21:00] researcher like that. Founders can do research too. Yeah, that's true. That's true. You can do both. Okay. And other, like, red folks also have questions. Okay. So like, yeah. How much more time do we have?
I, I can wrap it up in 10 to 15 minutes. Yeah. Is it okay? I haven't had, uh, yeah, I haven't had lunch yet. I'm really, really tired. I'm really exhausting. We'll, it's okay. Yeah. Good. So as a, should I look at you or still look at her? Yeah. Still. I'll just ask you. Okay. So I, as a researcher, I really wonder what's their specific year at moment, because I searched about your research and I realized that was.
Well lit. Literally one of the chapter of the machine learning class. I too, when I was in the university, 'cause I studied computer science major, right? When, when I study like that, like those machine learning theories, I, I was really [01:22:00] wondering like, who do you think of this? Like how do they even possible?
So as a researcher, did you have kind of like, very like, moment or like with your teammates or by yourself? Hmm. Yeah. So very often the ideas first come by myself, like thinking about it myself, um, and just being really deeply involved and thinking every day about a particular problem. Um, and you need to spend first a couple of years just learning all the basics.
And that can take like many thousands of hours, uh, of, of dedicated work. And once you know a lot in that space. Then for me, it just, I couldn't help it. I would read like a paper abstract and immediately had like five ideas on how to make that ba paper better. Um, and then, and then you have to sometimes zoom out and say, but does any of it make sense?
[01:23:00] Will we ever get there by just making incremental improvements? Or do we need to have a completely new idea? And those ideas, you know, often come on like long walks and, and really thinking for several weeks about how to do something completely differently. Um, and I, it's easier the more you know, to then also have ideas that are novel and you know that they're novel because you've read all the literature, um, that's relevant in your space.
Uh, so, so yeah, it's a combination of a lot of hard work, um, and then some just creativity, uh, and trying to identify new ways of doing things.
Um, would you, uh, I have one. Like, as a researcher and also a founder, like experiment often doesn't lead to the result, right. You hope for, so how do you feel in those moments? [01:24:00] And was there any moments for you like that moment and how do you like, move forward with them? Yeah, yeah. You definitely have to get, uh, very robust or, um, you have to get, uh, used to rejections.
Um, like when you have an idea and the idea doesn't work, it, it feels like, ah, this is sad, but you just have to keep trying. Um, and that's, I think a, a quality that you learn as a researcher. 'cause a lot of research ideas also don't work. A lot of, like, I implemented a bunch of models and the model just didn't really go very far.
And like, and you have to just. Decide when, when to keep pushing or when to just give up, uh, and try something else. Um, and that you get better at that over time too. And even as a startup founder, you try a lot of ideas. Sometimes you have products, sometimes you ask users and they just don't like the idea.
Um, or you build something and then you think, [01:25:00] you know, people will want to use it, but they don't want to use it. Uh, and again, it's that subtle balance and it takes many iterations to know when to give up and when to keep on going. Um, and then, uh, you know, in, in sales too, you talk to a customer, you explain to them, and then they say no.
Uh, fortunately our win rate is actually extremely high, uh, 'cause we have the best product. So that helps. Um, but, uh, still like you get rejected sometimes your product is just not the right fit for a customer, right? And so, um, you, you need to get very, uh, good, uh, at failing. Fast, not let it get you down too much and then, then try again.
Um, and that's true for founders, uh, as well as for researchers. Was there any memorable rejections you had during your career? Oh, so many. Like basically on every level. Like, uh, when I applied [01:26:00] for PhD programs, I was getting rejected, uh, from all the top programs. I was like valedictorian in high school and undergrad, but it didn't matter.
Uh, and I didn't know why I took more classes and so on. And at some point someone told me, no, you have to have research papers, you have to have already publications. And I was like, oh, wish someone told me that. So then, you know, next, next year I had some papers and still got rejected. Um, it's more and better papers at different conferences and so on.
And so, um, so yeah, eventually I, I got into Stanford, uh, like long story, but, um, so, so lots of rejections there. Most of my papers got rejected 'cause people hated neural nets for NLP. Uh, and this was like a very unorthodox way of doing things. So a lot of the papers got rejected. Um, then I applied for faculty jobs, um, and I did get, uh, some good faculty offers eventually, but also MIT and especially Berkeley here in the Bay Area.
They hated neural networks [01:27:00] for natural language processing too. They were like, that will never, that will never work. And they didn't like neural nets. Um, the famous professors there, of course, eventually they changed their mind, but at the time, still in 2014, they thought neural networks were a really, really bad idea.
So, uh, lots of rejections there. Then you as a founder, you, uh, you know, you pitch, uh, to venture capitalists. Uh, in 2020 when we started.com, a lot of people said, search is dead. Nothing you can do. It'll be 10 lists, 10 lings from Google for the next a hundred years. We don't want to invest in that. Um, and, and so the list goes on, like, uh, there's like so many rejections and you have to keep trying, you have to be very motivated and not let that get you down, um, when you start your career.
Uh, but you also need to adjust, right? So it's again this like sort of right level of stubbornness, uh, and adjustments, um, towards your idea. [01:28:00] So, um, I'm wondering how did you like keep moving forward? Like so much rejections and failures, but what do you believe in this area and in this technology, so that keeps you moving forward?
Yeah, uh, I think it's excitement for the impact that is on the other side of those rejections, right? Like you have to keep trying. Uh, and then of course, you know, eventually I did get in and then I won the best PhD thesis award. So like, well, you know, I guess despite not having gotten, uh, accepted to the PhD programs initially.
Eventually, you know, like winning the best PhD thesis award meant that I did pretty well. And so, you know, that that helps also. Like when you, you first get rejected, then it works and then you'd actually succeed. And so you have to have a little bit of that belief, uh, inside of you that you can make it.
And that the people who rejected you were wrong and you're actually right. And again, that's a, it's a complex level. 'cause you don't wanna be so stubborn, just be like, I'm gonna do my own thing for the next 10 [01:29:00] years in my basement. Even though everyone says it's bad. Maybe it is a bad idea, right? So I don't wanna tell people, just do whatever you want and ignore feedback, right?
You do need to incorporate that feedback and, and iterate, right? And so when I got rejected from the first time in the PhD program, I iterated and I learned, oh, I need to have more papers. And then, you know, and then I got better and better. And so that sort of balance between iteration and a stubborn kind of, uh, focus.
On the long-term goals that you set for yourself, um, I think is really important. And then one thing I also always liked is setting almost, uh, unrealistically ambitious goals. 'cause then if you fail a little bit, it's still good. You know, like, oh, we're gonna go to Mars. Well if you fail, but you send a lot of stuff to space for very cheap and you get to the moon, still pretty cool to be on the moon.
You know, like, and, and so I think those are, um, that also helps to have that long-term motivation [01:30:00] done. Yes. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, this will be the last question. Like, if I were someone who love tech, I feel like everything happening right now should be really fun. Like, so these days, so when you wake up every mornings, are you, like, do you feel more excited about like new things happening or more worried about because of like competitions or like your company, something like that.
What do you feel this. Space. It's always a mix. You know, like you want to, like, I'm very motivated. I feel like we're growing revenue, uh, a lot. Uh, and that's very exciting. But there are also so many more customers we could have. And competition is coming from all places and like copying a lot of our stuff all the time.
And, uh, so, but I think overall I would summarize it as excitement. Like it's exciting 'cause it's relevant. Um, and competition is good. You know, competition pushes you also to be better, uh, to differentiate [01:31:00] more, to make your product even better, to improve your accuracy, even more, to improve your sales process even more and so on.
And so, um, when, when you see small but continuous improvements, that's when you, you can, you know, be very motivated too. So it's one of my mottos is better, better never done. And you can always improve, uh, yourself, your company, your processes, um, and, uh, your health maybe also, um, and and so on. So, um, that's, that's how, what I think about most days.
And before we wrap up, like, could you introduce yourself again and also the, your, uh, journey briefly, because for, for the editing, just the same thing I said in the beginning or Yes. Yeah. Like we, we do retake for just this. Okay. And also, could you share some metrics that showcase you.com? Um, sure. Yeah. Um, [01:32:00] hi everyone.
I'm Richard Socher. I'm the founder and CEO of u.com, and the founder and partner at AI X Ventures. Okay. And, uh, yeah, so I originally from Germany, did my PhD at Stanford, uh, started MetaMind, uh, got acquired by Salesforce, where I became Chief Scientist and EVP. Um, invented prompt engineering there and built large language models, uh, for protein generation, a lot of other fun applications, and then eventually started, uh, u.com and AI X ventures.
And could you share some metrics about u.com? Yeah. Uh, u.com now does over a billion, uh, paid API called, uh, a month. Uh, and it's growing, uh, massively in revenue. Uh, we have millions of. Normal prosumer users, uh, but also thousands of, uh, large enterprise customers, um, that we're very excited about. Uh, companies like OpenAI, Amazon, Alibaba, uh, the Telegraph, [01:33:00] windsurf Harvey and others, uh, that all use U dot com's, uh, AI search infrastructure to make, uh, and get more accurate answers, uh, from their AI and from their agents.
Okay. I think we are done. Okay. Good. Thank you. Boom. Alright. Good stuff.