Go to too many events. Good for the ego. Really aren't progressing. A mistake you make is thinking you're aligned. Then you have too many alternate pivots or agendas. Where I spent nearly a decade in sales and marketing roles. Challenges have a history of repeating themselves. There are patterns. We have people problems, product market fit issues, financing issues, etc. But what I've learned is my name is Jason Zintak I'm the CEO of Sixense Sixense is AI big data driven sales and marketing platform. Last seven years we went from 5 million in ARR to 200 million, completed our series E $200 million fundraise at 5.2 billion in valuation. That was roughly a year and a half ago. 2000 customers a great cap table of marquee investors. Customer acquisition in the early days is very tough because why trust? Why trust this startup with an idea everyone finds a way or a relationship for that first customer, and it comes down to solving the problem. If you can help someone solve a problem and you find a friend, a fan, Usually through a relationship, you might find someone to trust you and give you a shot. You need to be vulnerable to these customers saying, can someone give me a chance? You need to lean on a relationship and you need to bring something of value. If you find those aspects, you can probably get a customer and then you have to try like hell to retain them, satisfy them, keep them, and make them better more than ever. We're now in a macro that's more difficult post-pandemic, and that's all around high value, high return. Does it help me do my job better, more efficiently with a dollar return? And so we're focused on mutual success plan with our customers. We set that plan. We communicate the plan, add innovation and they'll give you honest feedback. Feedback is a gift maybe painful. We've lost customers along the way, but we get the feedback. I think the big mistake is not looking yourself in the mirror as a company, judging where you actually are in your journey, optimizing, changing, pivoting,adapting around that feedback. In B2B SaaS world, it's all about retention and retention and customer retain your customer. And can you cross-sell? Upsell them? So what's the magic? Quite often we find your buyers leave a company. The next year. You've got to renew your original sponsors, aren't there? What do you do? Because the proclivity is new executive, new tool. And so yeah, we're faced with that as well. There's really one thing. If the baton gets passed on your product to another executive, will they find value in it? For us, I really focused less on the sales strategies around human intervention and tactics to relate with these execs. Have we proven enough value through product and delivery and adoption of it, that when the next person comes in the door, they can see it and feel it such that they aren't tempted to replace them with their buddies from another past relationship? This comes back to our mutual success plans that we write with our customers. If it's documented and we achieve it, those measurements should be all passed along to the next exec. At the end of the day, it just does the product work and work well. It will be talked about inside the company if that's the case. Common mistake is sort of getting too excited in the hype of a startup, and that around a fundraise and a concept. And it's all very energizing and intoxicating in a way. At the end of the day, you have real work to do. In order to be a high performing team, everyone needs to get on board with our objective and go for it. A mistake you make is thinking you're aligned, and then you have too many alternate pivots or agendas. It is common to really just get distracted. Go to too many events really aren't progressing. Good for the ego, but not necessarily the agenda of the company. It's not necessarily about the product. We invest in teams. Many, many startups start with one idea and end with a completely different which ultimately finds product market fit. Smart people, good working teams figure it out. But what they're betting on and what I can tell you, I've lived, it's the team that makes the difference. That nucleus of team and leadership is paramount not only in the product, but show up in the culture and the ethos of your company. By the way, is one brick at a time to build the house? I joined at 30 and we're now over 1200. Constantly message what's important to us and people identify and those that identify stay and those that don't leave. And that's that's appropriate because you can't be all things to all people. There's no shortage of leadership books that talk about making tough decisions. Leadership is lonely. You have to make the call instantly. I don't find leadership at all lonely. I like working with my team, and I find us to be more of a family, and I lean on them when I'm lonely, so it's not a big deal. But the tough call is. At the same time, this isn't personal. This is a job. This is a business. Our responsibility is to be the shepherd of the investments financially, like the money we raise as well as the people we hire. The true North should always be. Is it the right thing for the business? And then everything else is explainable and makes sense. You know, I like to say we're in a company. We deserve a people. Why would you settle for anything less? Like why? If you're an A, you get A's, you are an A, you act like an A, and your higher A's. By the way, a people want to work with a people. So you got to make the tough call decisions at age get more expensive with time. So make them quickly. Do you use Calendly to book calls? Todoist to manage tasks. Trello to keep track of projects. What if I told you that you could do all of these with one tool, but then it also integrates with all of the tools that I just mentioned. Hi everyone, I'm Hannah from the EO team and I'm here to introduce the game changing productivity tool Akiflow. It's basically a smart combination of all the essential productivity features I need on the daily. First is the beautiful marriage of task management and time blocking. Flow has this interface where you can create a to do list, just as you would in any task management tools, but you can also drag these certain tasks right into your calendar to the exact time of day. I find this particular visualization of to do's and schedules side by side very helpful in prioritizing my work, carving out chunks of focus time needed for video editing. Blocking time here syncs with all of my other connected apps such as slack, Calendly, and more. Secondly, it's the magical Command Bar, the go to shortcut for all features within Akiflow. Instead of navigating the app manually, I simply click on the command bar to command what I wish to perform. For example, let's just say that we confirmed an interview filming and I want to put that in my calendar. I could just set that up manually on a Google calendar, or I could simply go ahead and type a co-founder interview filming on October 28th from 12 p.m. To 3 p.m.. And there's my schedule. We've been using it to keep track of our hectic filming and traveling schedules every day. So most effective is to be in, given my experience in sales in nearly 30 years, is to be an informed seller. A lot of sales is not. How slick can you be in your presentation? It's much more what do I need to know? What can I question or get out of my prospecting customer to be relevant? And so I think the biggest job in sales is actually being informed or asking the questions to help them solve their problems. As much as you can know, the more responsible you'd be in your outreach and personalizing your communication channel in the ensuing message. If you're asking me how do I relate to our customers, that's really just back to the be curious and ask questions. Most people proclivity is to react first. Really, you should listen and ask more. And then lastly on, you know, asking questions. You got to care. Too many people ask the question, don't care and don't deliver a result. And if you care for your customer, you will inevitably build a better product that delivers better results. Entering a new market. Sort of being a young team, you need to be different somehow, some way, and you need to appeal the emotional aspect of why people buy, not the feature function. People react to emotions, the brain works that way. And what is your purpose as a company? What are you delivering? The why someone would consider the new Acme company. And so you've got to strike a chord in your messaging. Why sixth Sense or why new Acme Co reduced to the core and simplify your focus. What resonates with the customer? Why do they buy your product or service? I think in past experiences, challenges seem to be similar and have a history of repeating themselves. How do we bring these products to market? What are the challenges in growing the company? There are patterns. We have people problems, product market fit issues, financing issues, etc. But what I've learned is sort of remain calm. These are normal. I've learned to ask more questions. That helps us get to the root of problems as we're trying to solve any of those matters. Patience for sure, is a virtue. Exercise calm in the storm so that people understand that leadership and that resolve. It's a big world. Leverage your network. Learn. Listen. Be humble. Probably the best thing I can say and have fun doing it. That should guide you and teach you.