So this is sort of an embarrassing story after Product-Market-Fit. There's a missing link that didn't even really have a name. Heroic selling doesn't work. You need a simple, repeatable process that you can hire ordinary people, not founders, not clone founders. That's what we said, is that Product-Market-Fit is not enough. You need this repeatable, scalable process that we called a Go-to-Market fit. So Bob and I have worked on two startups together, so I mentioned Airespace When I was the CEO of Airespace I hired Bob to run business development and he did a phenomenal job as head of business development at Airespace And then later when I incubated Mobile Iron and I hired the first two co-founders, then I hired Bob to be the CEO. So he was the third co-founder and CEO of MobileIron. So we worked for a long time on these two companies. So in 2005, Cisco bought Airespace and I spent three years at Cisco, but I always wanted to be a CEO. In 2008, one of my former team at Airespace had been out talking to customers about an idea to help solve security and management for smartphones. And he talked to a lot of customers and he got really good feedback. His name was Ajay Mishra. He was working with another guy named Suresh Bhatia, and they'd spent six months talking to customers and they approached me to see if I would be interested to join them as CEO and be a co-founder of the company. When I looked at what they were working on, I had this, my God, I got to go do this. And so I left Cisco. I actually left a decent amount of money on the table at Cisco to leave. - At that point, I just had to do MobileIron - Learning from customers is so important. And what we did is because the original co-founder of MobileIron was also a co-founder of Airespace, he has a good Rolodex and able to meet a lot of customers. And so what we did is, is that we targeted 30 customers and broke them down into like financial services, IT companies, education, universities, sort of different verticals and then talk to customers in each one and being able to then collate the results. We had a giant spreadsheet where we had all the different customers and then start analyzing the data. Ultimately, after all these meetings, we ended up picking Microsoft as the teaching customer. There was a person at Microsoft who had a really good vision of what the final solution should be. - In the early. - Days of MobileIron, we started with an idea. The first thing we would do is tell them a little bit about like what area we are focused on. And we'd say, Look, number one, we're focused on smartphones and security and management. So they know sort of what zip code you're in at that point. The tendency for a startup is to start pitching to say, Here's what our product does, here's our idea. It's of course really awesome. You should buy it. What we found was that didn't work very well because customers would just be reacting to our idea, but we wouldn't learn that much. So we changed our approach with customers. We would not start with the pitch. We would start with what area we're focusing on, but then we would just ask questions What are your problems around smartphones? Do you even have any smartphones? What do you think your world's going to look like in 12 months? That turned out to be a really interesting question, which is what are your pains today? And then what do you think your pains will be in 12 months? Because one of the challenges a lot of customers have sometimes is they can only sort of see like right in front of their nose. And when you ask what do you think your pains will be 12 months from now, their mind shifts and they start thinking about, well, you know, I'm thinking about deploying this and I'm worried about this, and I'm starting to think about that. It shifts the discussion away from like what's going on right now to what are your pains and problems over a period of time that could incorporate your product. So we found that to be a really good question. The third thing we would ask, and we only learned this at the end because sometimes we'd be talking to customers and the meeting, our potential customers and the meeting would just be going terribly like they're like, Yeah, we're not interested. Yeah, that's a dumb idea. You're just like, this meeting stinks. AJ My co-founder, learned this one. He would ask, What else is bothering you? And it turned out that's how we discovered the urgent pain that we decided to really focus on. That really helped us to unlock growth because there was a couple customers that said, You know what? Yeah, you guys are talking about Symbian and BlackBerry and Windows Phone and that's all fine. Yeah. We said, You know what? What's really bugging me is iPhone said, I have ten of my execs are using iPhones and they told me I have to figure out how to make them work or I'm fired. And we're like, that sounds like an urgent pain. The second thing we did was build a prototype that we could show customers. It was rough, it was buggy, but it sort of illustrated the idea of what you could do with a security and management platform to help onboard smartphones and wipe smart phones. We talked to probably 40 or 50 teaching customers. Of those, eventually 10 to 15 became betas, and of those, five became. Our first paying customers. It was a tough time, particularly given in 2008. The financial market crashed, so all of a sudden customers became even more risk averse from buying from startups. But because there was enough pain around the problem we were solving, they were willing to try it. We got to those first five paying customers. We called that Product-Market-Fit. Getting to Product-Market-Fit is something that we were really proud of. It's a huge milestone. And frankly, if you don't get there, you never really get a chance to become a real company. But one of the big challenges is there's a lot of companies that get to ten customers but then never really see growth unlock. That was one of my big frustrations, the advice that investors gave us and that other startups said, Well, once you get to Product-Market-Fit, just go hire some sales people. That's how you make growth happen. Get to ten customers. The founders sold the first ten customers. Now go hire some salespeople and you'll grow. It turned out that's not actually what happens after Product-Market-Fit. There's a missing link between Product-Market-Fit and unlocking growth that didn't even really have a name, so I was super frustrated by that. Many founders believed that once you find Product-Market-Fit at that point, then you can then scale growth and then the company will then will continue to grow. The main point we were making is, is that Product-Market-Fit by itself is not sufficient to unlock growth. And so what you needed in addition to Product-Market-Fit is we said Go-to-Market Fit, which is this repeatable process. So think of it this way. You can have Product-Market-Fit with very happy customers, and the way you get the customers is because you have the founder doing heroic selling because the founders like Superman going out and closing these deals. And so with that, you can have a company grow like adding five customers, ten customers a quarter. But if you want to add 100 customers, 500 customers, a thousand customers per quarter, then heroic selling doesn't work. You need a simple repeatable process that you can hire ordinary people, not founders, not clone founders to unlock growth. So the one thing that allowed us to really unlock growth was building a repeatable go to market playbook from how we find customers, engage customers, get them on board, make them successful. The interesting thing about that is how we figured that out. So this is sort of an embarrassing story. Once we got to our first 10 or 15 customers, it was time for us to hire a VP of Sales, and I hired a gentleman named John Donnelly to be our VP of sales. He said, Bob, we have to have a Go-to-Market playbook. In my head, as a technically oriented product founder, I translated what John said We need a Go-to-Market playbook into we need a better PowerPoint pitch. Boy, was I wrong. As an early stage founder, you're pitching your product, always talking about, Look, we just need a better PowerPoint pitch. That's really just what we need. And it turns out that was just totally wrong. The Go-to-Market playbook is the entire step by step journey that customers go through from the first time you touch them to when you get them into evil to when you get them into an executive meeting, to when you get them to sign on the purchase order, nailing down that customer journey and what the company does at each stage of that customer journey so that you move customers quickly through that. That's a Go-to-Market playbook. Once we had that down, the magic of it was we could hire a new sales rep and be like, Do this and you'll win deals. We could hire a new marketing person. They'd be like, Generate leads. This way we'll win more deals. It also had a really interesting side benefit. It also helped the company to know what to do. Now everybody in the company, from engineering to sales, engineering to product management to marketing to support, they understood how what they were working on supported the Go-to-Market playbook. So in addition to unlocking growth, it became a massively unifying force for the company, much like my first meeting with John when he said we need a Go-to-Market playbook. And I was like, That's a better PowerPoint pitch, right? And he was just like, No. So I'll walk you through the steps of building the Go-to-Market playbook. So the first thing to do is you can imagine you're up at a whiteboard just like you and your team, standing at a whiteboard across the top of the whiteboard. Write the stages of the customer journey from first touch to first meeting, second meeting, trial to executive decision to decision just across the top. Beneath that, you need to write. What's the urgent pain that gets them to engage with you during the demo and evaluation process? What are the wows that caused the customer to sort of really lean in and be like, Ooh, I want to learn more because you pitch, Pitch, pitch, pitch. Pitch, pitch. Pitch, pitch. But usually during a meeting there'll be 1 or 2 things. You talk about where the customer goes. Tell me more. Those are your wows. So write your wows down and those are sort of the date wows. Like they're kind of the things that make the customer want to date you as an early stage company. Third thing you write down is what are the Mary wows? What are the things that cause the executive who's actually making the decision to say, You know what, Yeah, we're going to buy you. And then the fourth thing is what about your product makes the customer a hero? Because in order for somebody to stick their neck out and say, I'm going to buy this product from an early stage company, they need to be able to see that they're going to be able to become a hero inside their company. So I'll talk about that more a little bit later. But that's the top of the Go-to-Market playbook. And then underneath each one of those stages, you write, what do people say and do and what are the tools they need to be able to succeed? That stage, it typically fits on like one piece of paper, maybe two. There's a company I worked with where the VP of Sales had created a Go-to-Market playbook that was 88 pages long, 88. It was basically a brain dump of everything you'd ever learned. That is not a Go-to-Market playbook. A Go-to-Market fits on 1 or 2 pages. The stages across the top, urgent pain, the wows, the hero across the middle, and then on the bottom. It's what people do and say and what do they need to support it. That one Go-to-Market playbook got us from probably 0 to $20 Million in Revenue. How do you know whether you found good market fit or not? Like in the approach to finding Go-to-Market Fit, you've got your first 10 or 15 customers. Great job. So the question is how do you know whether you've built a repeatable go to market playbook that starts to unlock growth? There are some metrics you can look at which help you start to see ARR grow. Do you start to see sales efficiency happen? Interestingly, what I found is the way you know is you feel it, you feel the momentum. You start to see more deals showing up in the pipeline. You start to see more deals convert. Your sales team is happier, like just you feel the momentum and it's a blast. It is seriously probably one of the most fun times you will ever have as an entrepreneur is when you start to feel that momentum. It's like surfing. It's like you get on your board, you catch a wave and all of a sudden you're flying across the water and you feel like a million bucks. When you are in an early stage company and you found good market fit and you start to feel that momentum and growth. Like I get chills even thinking about it. I get it right now. Just thinking back to that time in MobileIron. And it was I remember it vividly. So it was late 2010 and early 2011. We went from winning 510 customers a quarter to 25 customers a quarter to 50 customers a quarter to 200 customers a quarter to eventually 500 customers a quarter, which is nuts, actually, when you start to feel that momentum like that. it is. It's the most fun you'll ever have in running a start up. It's a blast. Bob is so gifted he can compensate for a lot of people and he was doing a lot himself. But what was really needed was to replace some of his executives. What I mean by that is if you have someone who just struggles, it's easy to say, you know, that person is struggling. We got to make a change. But what happens if you have someone who did a fantastic job? But because the company grew, the job changed and that person's not changing. So the person was a super hero yesterday but is struggling today. And there is hard to change because you feel so much loyalty for that person. And so that is an emotionally tough decision to do, is to change people that were great, that are struggling today. So in 2014, we went public. In 2016, we missed our numbers. We lost like half of our market capitalization. It was really painful. And as CEO, that responsibility was on me. And so in the board meeting after we missed our numbers, when you're a CEO of a company, any company, whether it's public or not, you have sort of two roles. One is running the company and leading the company. The other one is a member of the board. And you have to kind of wear both of those hats separately. You know, when I had my sort of board member hat on in that board meeting, I said, Hey, one of the things we should talk about is whether I should be the CEO of MobileIron going forward. So I raised my hand and said, Hey, look, I know this is the elephant in the room. We should probably talk about it. You know, to be fair, at the time, the board, which included To.he, was like, No, no, no, no, not right now. Like we just got to figure out how to fix things and make sure we get our numbers back on track and all of that. And I was like, All right, let's go work. And then probably 60 days later, To.he came back to me and said, You know, I remember that conversation we had in the board meeting. We're going to take you up on that. And I was like, really? It was sort of hard on my ego, to be fair, but I was the one that brought it up. You know, it was the right thing to do for me to step aside. You know, I had grown the company from 0 to 160, 150, 60 million at this time. And, you know, it was probably the right decision to find a CEO who had experience running a company from 150 million to 500 million. So we decided to go do that. And we started a CEO search and hired my replacement and I moved on to the board. I had two big frustrations in being an entrepreneur. The first frustration was I felt like companies go through stages where things change. I was always struggling to sort of understand what's next. So in the beginning, ideal VP of sales that you need is someone who's like a pioneer or an explorer, someone that can find a path through the wilderness. As soon as you find that path through the wilderness, you don't want someone that's a pioneer type leader. As the company changes, your job changes. So the people have to change.