We certainly, you know, had a decent early success working with different types of investors. A lot of them were promising and also big deal at the time. And after that, um, then came the crypto winter. We were watching Bitcoin falling below $6,000 overnight and all of those alternative coins were down by much more. There were just a loss of VC interest. uh there were loss of institutional interest and it's about minimizing like uh me and like my co-founder's cost of living at the time. Obviously there were a lot of you know stress there's a lot of uh concerns about what if you know the money runs out tomorrow. So for us you know we had to earn every single user we gained over time. We had to earn every single dollar that came in. We had to really really learn how to be extremely efficient and scrappy with the incubation capital that we were given. I think we had a lot of privilege by initially going through the 2019 period. We had the experience and understanding that capital might be very very hard to come by for an extended duration of time and that's been basically the mindset that we have. Ever since then, that made us uh to be conservative during very optimistic times and at the same time being extremely um optimistic during very fearful times. The way we did it was focusing on the long term. Plan for the future, ignore the present conditions. So, if I have a time machine and go back and and tell myself at that time, it would be cherish that moment because you're not going to have a lot of those. And it's probably the most powerful feeling in the world. Hi, I'm Eric Chen, co-founder and CEO of Injective Labs. We built Injective, which is a blockchain built for finance meant to democratize financial access for all. Injective is a multi-billion dollar network that's currently delivering more than $50 billion of exchange volume with more than 1.4 million addresses and users as well as 1 billion transactions. I studied uh computer science and uh finance in college. I was in a bit of a soul searching process where I didn't really know what I was truly good at. I couldn't really find something that you know really piqu my interest. Everyone doing finance wanted to go into like the banking, hedge funds, private equity, whatever. And everyone like doing computer science wanted to go into like Google. For me, it was just uh very very torn. I think one of the most interesting part of my college life was certainly learning more about crypto and understanding that there's a lot of very interesting like research uh subjects. But the first thing I did of course was trying to mine with the free electricity from the dorm room. What truly made me excite excited at the time was when I was doing research on you know a particular issue that was like plaguing the industry which was uh front running exchange collision sandwich attacks and stuff like that which basically the simplest way to understand it is that it makes general users or traders lose part of their money because some guy can find like a better price elsewhere and then arbitrage their orders on chain. For us, it was basically a very simple understanding is that it's a it's a problem. We can come up with probably like a pretty elegant solution to solve it using some cryptographic trick. I think the most interesting part about Injective is that it's very much of a blockchain built for finance. Let's say we were talking about a smart contract platform which is like Ethereum, Salana, etc. The way these blockchains operate is that it tries to be web through computer that no matter what you toss at it, it will figure out like a way to make it work. The way Injective works is that instead of always having to figure out ways to optimize for application trends or use cases, Injective decides to be anchored for financial applications. Hi, I'm Albert. Hi, I'm Eric. We are Injective Protocol. The best and most secure experience for the centralized exchange. During the early days, in the way the first 100 user that was acquired was actually very simple. I basically went into uh every single group chat that had anything to do with uh crypto to reach out to a lot of the participants or the vocal members and trying to tell them about hey like use uh this interactive exchange try it and let us know what you think you know whe what whether it makes sense whether it's a horrible idea and then we should stop doing it. I just kept doing it the first 50 the first 100 the first god knows how many hundreds or thousands and I think the most interesting part is that there's a lot of very vocal and negative people in a lot of these like public group chats or you know public forums. Hey, like why do you have this? It doesn't make sense. Why do you have this feature? Like no, no one needs it. It's always very very stressful for you to talk to them or for you to even reach out to them. But if you fight through that like initial embarrassment interfacing or like dealing with their negativity, they end up being a lot more valuable of an ally than you can possibly imagine. A lot of these like highly critical people are equally critical to everyone and therefore it means that they first of all they care and second of all they give you extremely valuable feedback and third of all they're a lot nicer than what they perceive to be. facing that negativity with a very positive light and more importantly listening and give everyone no matter how negative they are or how positive they are time of the day to listen to their feedback and implement upon it and it's about presenting to them with a positive can do attitude addressing every single concern or problem that they might have listening to every single one of their feedback the product around people that voice their concerns and opinions and really iterate that way because you don't know the right answer especially as a builder to what's going to happen in the future with a 100 or a thousand% precision and accuracy. What you really need is have user informed the direction that you're building and listening to them because a happy user will become the most valuable ally for no matter what industry you're in, no matter what product that you're building. We certainly, you know, had a decent early success working with different types of investors. A lot of them were promising and also big deal at the time. And after that, um, then came the crypto winter. We were watching Bitcoin falling below $6,000 overnight. And all of those alternative coins were down by much more. There were just a loss of VC interest. There were loss of institutional interest. We had to really, really learn how to be extremely efficient and scrappy with the incubation capital that we were given. being crammed in a 70 or 80 square ft uh apartment within New York with three other roommates moving around in a world trying to source talents at a cost-effective way and trying to work with as many globalized you know developers and users and trying to figure out ways to you know make everything work. I think we had a lot of privilege by initially going through the period where we had the experience and understanding that capital might be very very hard to come by for an extended duration of time that basically made us to be conservative during optimistic times and at the same time being extremely optimistic during very fearful times. It allows us to basically no matter what condition it is always ensure that you know we have a certain amount of runway and we always can survive for more than 5 years. The way we did it was focusing on the long term plan for the future ignore the present conditions. Being around enough cycles helps a lot because during extremely bullish times uh during extremely optimistic times we slowly become more and more jaded more and more fearful. we have like a innate sense of uh it's almost like a primal instinct that something is about to go wrong and I think this helped a lot because it's basically like an instinct that was like developed over time after being in so many cycles even before an injective on another hand it's just like aial question like have you earned it? uh a lot of times you know like the success is asymmetrical to the output and to the fundamentals and oftent times we at all times question ourselves whether we have like earned the success that we have we are often very very critical so we always doubt that we did earn it and I think that's still a very strong relative benchmark to see how long-term you are I think the most exciting thing about uh injective especially at the current stage is about decentralizing the access to finance to everyone. Finance is truly a game for the rich and it really shouldn't be. Whether you have just $1 or like $5, you get to have access to the same type of opportunity to those with uh, you know, $5 million or $10 million. And this is completely not the current financial world. Basically, if you want opportunity, especially high growth, it's just layers and layers of like investment advisors, brokers, and stuff like that to purchase one share of Apple, you have to have, you know, hundreds and hundreds of dollars. There's not even a fractionalized concept within the stock market. For us right now, the most exciting thing is about being able to bring in real world assets, being able to tokenize so many exciting opportunities happening in the cross-section of traditional financial world and also the crypto world. This has just been always a dream of us, even during the early days of Injective, which is being able to access a lot of these traditional products like Tesla or GameStop, creating it in a platform that also has access to different types of crypto primitives while at the same time being able to access it from all over the world, from Argentina to Europe to Asia and everywhere in the same easy to access, easy to use platform. Basically making uh financial products and assets more accessible than ever. I don't think there's going to be a lot of uh material change uh for people in the world. Their day doesn't just suddenly become completely different at full 180. But I think it's really about the subtlety of things. Maybe you just have more savings in your bank. Maybe you can connect with your friends 20,000 miles across the world a lot easier. Everyone is just a little bit better off because of the opportunities that was now accessible to you. I remember I uh came up with Injective at the stolen co-working space from my friend. It wasn't something too flashy. It was just hey this could be a solution to something at that time. It was a very very rare feeling to have the space especially at a time was just ostentatious way too much grandiose like visions and stuff like that. So oftent times it felt like it was losing touch with reality. So that was a very rare feeling for me even though these days I get more and more of these feelings. uh uh at this point in time. It was very very rare at the time. So if I have a time machine and go back and and tell myself at that time, it would be cherish that moment because you're not going to have a lot of those. And it's probably the most powerful feeling in the world.