Building a startup requires the founder to have a very strong sense of mission. Why does this company exist? What purpose does this company serve? That mission is going to be what draws people to the company, Your job as a founder CEO is to convince that person that this company is going to be a unicorn and to look them straight in the face and say, you're going to quit your job, You're going to take this opportunity because it's a once in a lifetime or twice in a lifetime opportunity, and you're not going to regret it because high quality people are drawn to high quality founders. If you essentially take capital and you hire a bunch of B-people or low quality people, then the company is not going to succeed. My name is Tim Hwang, founder and CEO of FiscalNote. FiscalNote is a legal and information data company where we collect laws and regulations and help people to understand how laws potentially impact their organizations. We service everyone from the White House, the CDC. We raised probably about a quarter billion dollars in venture capital from folks like Mark Cuban and Jerry Yang. We recently went public for over billion dollars To subscribers of EO, we're definitely interested in talking about the challenges of building a company in the US, B2B market and startup landscape and of course, how to build a unicorn startup globally. Yeah, enjoy! For me I never thought of myself as an entrepreneur, to be honest, ever since I was in middle school, in high school. My dream was to go to law school, become a prosecutor, and then run for political office and become a politician. And to me, business was always a practical way to make an impact. And then when I was about 16 or 17, a friend of mine called me and he said, There's this guy, he's running for president. You should check him out. He has a really funny name, but he's a really, really interesting guy. So I went online and I watched his speech and I felt like even if he doesn't become president, I feel like we should actually try and make him become president. And so I actually ended up working for Senator Obama's presidential campaign back in 2007, 2008. It was such a life changing experience because it was like one big startup. We had to build offices in all 50 states. The campaign had to raise about a billion dollars in capital, and then we had to deploy it to consumers about 300 million Americans within about 12 months. That idea of basically sleeping in the back of the office with pizza boxes and, you know, working till two or three in the morning and trying to get someone elected, I think that was a very energizing experience. You know, as I was going into college in 2010, I just started getting involved in startups and I felt like this is the place where I want to be, because in politics at least, you know, you'd spend years and years and years trying to make change in the political system. But in startups at least, you can essentially very, very quickly build a product, get it to market, help customers and change their lives. So at the time, I just finished my degree at Princeton and then just started actually my MBA at Harvard when I had the idea for fiscal note, I was extremely focused on making sure that the company was going to succeed. We had sort of a vision of where we wanted to be, and it was just pure execution at that point, and everything else was sort of noise and everything else was sort of noise to me at the end of the day. So after we raised our seed round of capital, it was like, I'm never going to go back to school. You know, we raised millions of dollars, we have dozens of employees. We have to actually make this a success. The way that we make decisions, and particularly the first decision when we started the company was what is a real truth that is not going to change in 20 or 30 years. Will the world become more complex or less complex? Will the world become more politically challenging or less politically challenging? To me, it was it was so obvious that the world was heading in a direction where it was going to become much more complex and where politics was going to be much more important. The problem was very clear. When you talk to customers, they're just overwhelmed with regulations and the complexity of politics. Maybe 20 years ago, CEOs didn't have to care that much about politics. That's like something else that's going on over there Today, if there's a political issue, they always bring the microphone and ask the CEO. What is your opinion? The one unique thing that we got right was we picked a macro trend that was never going to change we essentially take laws and regulations from each and every country around the world. We collect it using AI, and then we use kind of machine learning, natural language processing to be able to help people to process that information, search information, eventually make decisions based off of that data You can think it's almost like the Bloomberg terminal for law. So our first round of investment we raised at the end of 2013, to be honest, we just built a product as a tiny little product, and we said, okay, we really need to expand this business because we're working out of a Motel 6 in Silicon Valley. One night, actually, I was watching Shark Tank, the TV show, and as my co founders and I were sleeping in this motel room and we're just looking at TV. I was like, Oh, man, Wouldn't it be so great if Mark Cuban invested in our company? The next day, I actually went on Google and I typed in Google Mark Cuban email address, and then I went to the Contact Us page of his TV company, and right there was his email address. So I shot him a three or four sentence email Subject line was changing government. And then in the email I said, My name is Tim. You know, I just graduated from college. I'm starting this company. Here's what we're going to do. Here's I'm going to change the world. And he responded within 45 minutes. And so, you know, Mark Cuban and I we went back and forth over email for a couple of days and he said, okay, great, I want to do it. I'm going to invest. How much are you raising? At the time, we were raising $740,000 because we had exactly calculated how much we need for 12 months. And he said, I'll do the whole thing. Mark was our very, very first investor. That was our first little kind of venture. And he came together very quickly. And to be honest, I feel like we were extremely lucky. But, you know, that definitely changed our lives for sure. The reason why a lot of founders struggle to get investment, a lot of founders, particularly first time founders, they don't know what is investable company, what is a non investable company, what a lot of founders need to do is they need to educate themselves on the particular interests of this investor. There's many, many, many different types of investors, B2C investors, B2B investors. If you are starting a consumer company, B2C company You definitely should not email a B2B investor because they're not going to be interested. And a lot of the venture investing mindset is very pattern recognition oriented. They're very, very interested in trying to invest like this other company. It's like a we should invest in B, which is why a lot of startup founders say it's Uber for this or Airbnb for that. These investors are looking for individual things in an investable business. They're looking at the business model, the future profitability. If you're going to be the CEO of a company, you need to know all of those things. It's your responsibility to understand that market, understand the investable landscape, and then to actually try and build a company in that in that general context. We started this company when we were 21 years old. We were straight out of college. We had zero network. We have zero connection to Wall Street, zero connection to Silicon Valley, zero connection to major American companies. We built that network ourselves, literally going on LinkedIn and then one person at a time reaching out to them, getting a warm intro, literally going to cocktail parties forcing our way in the back door and then shaking people's hands and taking their business cards. We hustled really hard. It was a very, very effort driven mechanism to essentially build that network. Any businesses requires a huge level of network. If you want to build a successful B2C company as well, eventually you're going to need to do B2B work, whether it's with advertisers or with partners or whatnot. Of course, network is going to matter quite a lot. We definitely didn't have an aha moment and it was actually very unsexy. It was really just pure hard work and effort, just trying to get to the right answers as quickly as possible. We had a Google spreadsheet and on this Google spreadsheet we listed out 2000 company names and we literally bought a phone from 7-Eleven and we called hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of companies and we asked them, Do you have this problem? Do you have this problem? You have you spend 5 minutes with us, take 10 minutes with us. And so when we built the product, it was after maybe 100 or 200 conversations, people who had this particular problem and needed this particular issue solved. Our first customer was a defense contractor. So I think that from that perspective we got validation very quickly. You know, they came in, they paid 20,000. We knew I mean, we actually still in our office have the contract framed because if we could get one customer, we could definitely get ten customers. And if we get 100 customers, you can definitely get 1000 customers, 1000 customers you essentially become a unicorn. I think that we have a competitive advantage in technology. the investments that we made in AI essentially prove that collectively we can build a company in a product that our customers want. Let's say you're a pharma company pharma companies, they're trying to understand what their competitors are thinking about, what the government is thinking about. And so for us, who's sitting actually at the center of everything, we have the FDA as a customer, we have the CDC as a customer. I can tell you from our perspective oh, by the way, the FDA is going to pass this regulation. You should probably look at this. So you essentially become experts in that particular policy arena. The companies, they essentially just they rely on you to kind of provide that intelligence. And to be totally candid, there are many, many points where FiscalNote could have failed. But in the back of my head, I would always say I would always say that failure is not an option. We're going to do whatever it takes to make this a success. That pure raging determination is probably what enabled the company to sort of get to this point today. When we were founding fiscal note, I was 21 years old. I was a series A founder by the time I was 22. We're managing 100% company by the time I was like 24. I mean, it was like very, very, very rapid growth. To be totally honest, I don't come from an extremely wealthy family. Parents grew up pretty modestly. They came to the US speaking almost no English. I grew up in the US. I went to school in the US and went to college in the US. I work in the US. but there's there's sort of the sense of not being American. It's a challenge because there exists in the business culture a invisible club. Imagine there's a very, very exclusive club trying to break into this club has been something that I've been trying to do for the last ten or 15 years. You definitely get ignored a lot people assume that you're not going to be a great executive or a great communicator. They probably think that you're some engineer, and I think it's also very lonely. You know, I was at a dinner, this is a dinner of all of the CEOs in the DC area. And I was looking around the room and I was the only Asian person in the entire room. I texted my co founders like, Dude, this is so messed up. How am I the only Asian in this room? And, you know, there's sort of circles of like five or six CEOs, typically Caucasian men, and they're all sort of drinking in there. You're trying to like, walk into the little circle and make conversation and they sort of look at you and they ignore you, even though, to be honest, I think our company is probably One of the biggest companies in that room. When we were starting FiscalNote, we knew that we are disadvantaged, that we were going to have to work much harder and try much harder. If you want to get covered by the press, you're going to have to contact ten times more reporters. If you want to get investment, you have to contact ten times more VCs because you're probably going to get ignored. I think that that probably gave us a little bit more of a drive to want to put in more effort. To me, startups are the purest form of opportunity. If you have an idea and you work hard at it and you constantly, constantly put effort in and you put in the hours and passion and everything, the company should succeed. That is what makes startups so exciting. Building a startup requires the founder to have a very strong sense of mission. Why does this company exist? What purpose does this company serve? That mission is going to be what draws people to the company, and the people that are attracted to that mission are going to find your company very, very compelling. Because you know what? Like life is extremely short In that short amount of time. You want to go 9 to 5 job making somebody else wealthy, or do you want to come and change the world? Now imagine this. You know, you're a software engineer making a decent amount of money, six figures and you get a cold email from a startup founder. So I have this company. The product does not build. We just raise a small amount of money. Do you want to quit your job and come work for us and take a huge pay cut and maybe a little bit of stock 90%, 95% of people would say no. I mean, why would I do that? I have such a comfortable life. Your job as a founder CEO is to convince that person that this company is going to be a unicorn and to look them straight in the face and say, you're going to quit your job, You're going to take this opportunity because it's a once in a lifetime or twice in a lifetime opportunity, and you're not going to regret it because high quality people are drawn to high quality founders. If you essentially take capital and you hire a bunch of B-people or low quality people, then the company is not going to succeed. And I would say for fiscal, we typically, almost in every case, with the exception of one or two, have acquired founder driven companies. For me, founder driven companies are very different. They're very special because the founders themselves picked each person individually in their organization. They also have a very strong sense of responsibility of making this company success. They also typically have taken some level of venture capital. So there's sort of this very aggressive speed mindset, and they typically tend to treat their employees very, very well, almost like a family like environment. If you combine that experimentation and bias for action and family like environment and sense of ownership, that's a really great culture to have. And it's something that we had at FiscalNote for a long time. I don't know what it is, but I think when we are very, very young and we had a very, very, very good team, we had computer science PhDs quit their jobs. We had people who had come from the military. You know, we had this very strong sense of mission, even though we had a small amount of time. I think that very quickly we built a team that was going to stick together for good times and bad. You know, at fiscal note, we were probably working 16 hours a day, seven days a week for almost two years. I told my employees, actually, I need you in the office somewhere between 9:30 am and 10 pm, seven days a week, every single day. Right now at a seed stage company, we have 18 exact months to basically hit a particular milestone. You need to be in the office seven days a week. I think that in those types of cases, having a founder or CEO that's able to draw and attract the team that has the same mindset and the same mentality, I think is extremely important. Just because you receive investment doesn't mean that you're going to succeed. It's actually highly likely that you're going to fail because at this point you've taken the money from the investors and you now have to spend it and you have to spend it very quickly because the market is changing The landscape changing, competitors popping up, investors expect you to generate a return at a particular amount of time. The timing is probably the most important thing in my opinion, and it depends on the sector, right, and technology. The good thing about technology is that these timing trends happen all the time. 2007 Steve Jobs gets up and he introduces the iPhone that launches is a whole next ten years of mobile investing, mobile companies, mobile start ups. That trend, you have to be able to jump on it immediately. From a startup perspective, when you pick the idea, you have to understand not just why does this company exist, but why now? Why is this timing right now the perfect timing for the company, in my opinion, actually, having done startups now for almost ten years, I think that's probably one of the most important questions that founders have to ask themselves. Why is the timing for this exactly right now? Why wasn't it five years ago or ten years ago? Why isn't it five years from now? And I think that if you can get that timing exactly correct and the startup should be able to ride the tailwinds of of some general market trend. The biggest decisions that we made were always about people. People problems are what really, really break down companies, particularly for Series A or Series B companies. Those companies have significant management issues. If you watch the movie, the Social Network is really interesting. They go from like their dorm room at Harvard and then literally 10 minutes later, they're like in this massive office with hundreds of employees. I was just thinking my head like, what happens in the middle? Because in the middle there's so many problems and there's so many people problems. And I remember when I was a series A founder, Series B founder, every time executive would quit, I'd have to jump in there and have to manage the entire team myself. And so suddenly I go from managing like four or five people to managing like 20 people overnight. You don't have to do damage control and all these different things. And so startups are it's a very, very, very analytical job. It's very self reflective. It's almost like like swimming. You have to constantly know what your limits are, what your energy level is, all these different things. I think startups the same thing, right? Everything stops and starts with you. You founded the company It was your idea. You take responsibility At that level, You have to know what are my strengths, what are my weaknesses Where am I going to fail? Where am my blind spots? And if you don't know what those fundamental kind of personality traits or flaws are for you, then it's going to be very hard to do your job. And if you can really hone in on what that is, that kind of mentality is constant because when you make a mistake, you put that into your framework, you make another mistake, you put that into your framework. You know, for instance, for me, I have a bias. When I'm hiring executives, I look very heavily at their resume and I don't interview enough for particular skill sets. And so I definitely make that mistake almost one too many times where you over hire on the resume, you under hire on the personality traits. I had to train myself to remove that bias from my head to make better decisions. That, again, is a very introspective thing. You just have to constantly be thinking about that on a daily basis. People ask me like, Why do you think America is so great that startups? I think it's because the startup culture has always been in America. America has built some of the most celebrated businesses like Starbucks, Apple, Amazon. These companies are gigantic, but they always start from one singular person having an idea and putting in the effort. The emerging generation of twenties and thirties right now, I think has a sense of disillusion. They feel like there's not enough hope or not enough economic opportunity. I think that startups are the answer. They are the economic torchlight light that can guide the future of economies. And how do you connect the dots between the hope and disillusionment of twenties and thirties And the future of economic opportunity comes down to starting businesses, building startups that solve problems, that go out there and essentially are able to scale. When you succeed, it's a unbelievable feeling. I'm lucky to be the youngest Asian-American publicly traded CEO on the Nasdaq or the New York Stock Exchange. and I feel like this is the beginning of my career, to be honest. Even though for the last seven or eight years we've been building this company. Jeff Bezos was 30, 31 years old when he founded Amazon. I still have a very, very long career that I'd like for me to sort of embark upon. And I think it starts, of course, with making sure that FiscalNote is successful and has the pathway to become even greater company that is today.