Hi, my name is Sisun I used to be a product manager at Facebook, Uber and Tesla. Before I founded Morelabs in 2017, we were gearing towards our Series B and that's when COVID hit. Our revenue was hit by 90%. As soon as we knew that we were going to shift the company's DNA, I wasn't sure that I was the right CEO. I wake up and I don't have something to do. So I was pretty lost for for a while. I actually spent about a year exploring You know, you start to come back and I think as you regain energy I definitely am going to do something else. I just don't know what yet. Yeah. Working in a startup and not working on it gives you so much time that you can possibly do to fill it up. I'm doing all this travel, I'm filling all my friends, but I have so many time in my day. So I just started reading a lot of random things. I actually run down my rabbit hole of reading about nuclear energy and climate change. I thought I was going to do something there. It's just like at some point as your mind clears, because I think there are type of activities in life where it gives you so much energy that you look forward to it. You want to just like wake up in the morning and just just go. And so I wanted to do more of these energy, high energy activities. I just didn't know what was the thing that gave me the most energy until I realized my default mode of joy was to just be around with people I really liked but people that I consider like trailblazers, just like really smart, ambitious, crazy. They're just so passionate of what they do that just being with them gave me all that energy and I wanted to do something with these trailblazers. And so just naturally all these "trailblazers" that I'm spending time with, we're always talking about crypto and web3. So it was like a natural progression because I didn't care about it, but everyone's talking about it. It's like, okay, what is crypto? Let me learn. And it's during that exploration that I just fell in love. I think two things made me fall in love with it. It's very different mentality, because a lot of people were just building things without an end goal in mind You're not sort of thinking about what problem solving is people are just building new things all the time. The second thing for me in terms of a-ha moment was seeing how fast crypto communities merge was something that was never heard of In the regular technology industry. As a PM, building products, you always want to build like network effect. Network effect is so powerful because when you get enough escape velocity of users, magical things happen like the value just goes higher and higher for every user. The difficulty is how do you get that initial hurdle of users on board Because it's really hard. And so you have to think about all these instead of mechanisms like how do you do referrals, how do you prevent people to churn? And then you look at crypto, they're doing that 100 times faster, 100 times easier. Why? because you're just issuing them tokens. And so at first I thought this was just this must be a hack until you realize No, actually this is like a new paradigm of opening up an ownership economy. It almost reminded me of when I was at Uber launching Uber in Southeast Asia. How can we onboard more drivers if we could give them stocks, that would have been fantastic because it's a perfect incentives. It's just it was infeasible to give stock at the current modern financial legal infrastructure but with tokens you actually can do that. So if you kind of think about consumer Internet software companies today, there's very little incentive for new users to use it because you always want to use a thing that everybody else uses to get to where that point, where there's an escape velocity It requires a lot of effort for companies to build. You know, maybe you start with a niche community, maybe you start with a niche product and then eventually you expand. Actually really interesting graph is imagine there's a Y and x axis and y axis is value per user, and x axis is users. The value per user goes like this as more and more people come in, it goes big But there's a point where you have to get to certain threshold for this to be true, because otherwise when you come in and there's nothing there, everybody leaves. But now all of a sudden you're adding this new graph, which is like a financial incentive. Now all of a sudden, being the first one to use this product gives you a lot more upside of ownership. So now you have a reason to stick around. You're kind of solving that initial chicken and egg problem. I think this is the biggest cultural shift that I can probably work on in my lifetime for sure. I don't think there's anything more interesting that I could work on. And that's a pretty bold statement, right? 2017, when I started Morelabs. That's actually when a lot of people got into crypto. Not like the first wave of bitcoin traders, but like people that wanted to build applications on top of like Ethereum. I just remember I ignored all of them. It's like, whatever. And I'm busy, right? I'm I'm building Morelabs. It's just like, fast forward to today. I'm back. I'm now in blockchain and I realize Oh man, I missed a big opportunity. To be fair, I wasn't very curious. I was just so occupied in more labs When I was talking to them it was so abstracted. You really have to imagine because there's not that many applications where you can look at it and be like, okay, I get it. And as the idea for Wrapper was coming together, there was like this small group of folks that I worked on previous projects with like the NFT project where it made a natural sense to have that team progress towards building this. You know, while I was simultaneously hammering down this idea, I had to find co-founders. I think just because everybody I met, even to that date of Web3 was all online first, which I think is very unnatural in many industries. But in Web3 it was very natural. And I found two folks that through the network where they were very interested, they wanted to start a company. Yeah, we should do this together. There's a lot of iterations towards what we wanted to make exactly, but the mission was pretty clear cut from the very beginning, which is to make Web3 accessible for everyone. The reason why I wanted to do it at the beginning is I just found crypto and web3 really hard to access. So when I first got into crypto, I remember all my peers in the crypto world would tell me to go get Metamask because that will get you to access decentralized applications. And I just thought it was so hard and I was embarrassed to tell them, I don't know how to do this because if I find it this hard, chances are the majority of the world won't know how to do this. I feel like I'm pretty tech savvy, but this is really hard. Let's say there is a game that you want to play and it's a web3 game. You have to log in with a wallet. The most famous one or most widely used one in Ethereum is Metamask. Then you have to get the wallet, which means you have to go download it. Then you have to go install it and create a login account. Then you come back and you download a browser extension because right now that's the main sort of method for authenticating into blockchain. And now you're ready to log in. And so even just there, I think for most people would have been lost. And because psychologically it's also very scary because your money is associated with it, we think this is a universal problem that every decentralized applications will have. And so why don't we provide this at the infrastructure level? What we're doing is actually handling a user's wallets and a wallet is nothing other than like key management. And so we are effectively a key management provider. You don't need to know that this is crypto or blockchain. It's just like a regular mobile app. You can go in, you can download and you can use it but there's tokenomics, there's blockchain behind the scenes, but from a user interface, it's very simple So if you actually extrapolate historical trends of any type of technology and consumer adoption Every year, things just get faster and faster and faster. When Facebook reached I think like 100 million MAU or 1 billion MAU, I remember at the time it was really fast. That same milestone that other companies like TikTok or Snapchat achieves is like way shorter. So now we're just like compressing things. So I think it's really important to know that we shouldn't be looking at Web3 and where it is today versus where it could go. Looking at historical data, it's going to be fastest thing that happened before and that that speed is because so exponential that it's so difficult to make sense of it. But I think that's the power of Internet that Hey this whole thing could just be in front of our eyes in five years. So I just generally think that things are going to happen way faster than we probably predict. And for that reason, I'm pretty excited. I don't know exactly when Right now we look at the user flow and we say there's ten things you have to do just to become eligible to use this thing. And we try to eliminate those ten steps so that our goal is when an application uses Ramper, it becomes indistinguishable between theirs versus non blockchain application. I don't think users actually care whether it's blockchain or not. Your goal is to build products people like or love. And so in our case, because we're building a developer tool, whether our developers really like it or not is basically what's going to make or break us Before you run out of money, a company that can try ten different things and figure out what works is probably going to have a far higher probability of success. And so I'm sure our first version, we're going to get a lot of feedback from developers that actually is like, This is not that interesting, but can we learn quickly Okay, what where is a gap and how fast can we push out? I really believe in high risk, high reward. If you want a high reward, then it's inevitable that you will have to take risks. And part of that risk is doing things that are very difficult with a high uncertainty. Did you know that the risk of failure is high? It's basically the same. Even if you open up like a sandwich shop in Gangnam versus like blockchain infrastructure for the next billion. And did you know that you're going to you're going to hustle and work equally hard if you open up a sandwich shop or do this if it's going to be crazy hard work and crazy high risk, why don't you just do something that's going to give you crazy high upside? I didn't want to do something unless it was very deliberate and intentional. Like Morelabs was not deliberate. It was just it kind of happened. It was really fun and you did it. And I think that's I didn't want to basically do this for four years and come to the same decision, right? Hey, like, this isn't for me. And so part of that deliberate decision making was what's probably the craziest thing that I can work on, where if it works like this is pretty much like my life's work, but if it doesn't work, at least this is the most ambitious thing I could have done. Because part of attracting really smart trailblazers is your goal has to be so ambitious, right? Because really smart people and ambitious people want to do crazy things. That's very unlikely to manifest itself For us like building this at an infrastructure level and expecting developer mindshare across all Dapps is like, that's pretty like bold and it's really hard. But if we get it right, that's probably huge upside. And I think generally trailblazers are attracted by companies with insane ambitions and mission that attracts like minded folks. And building a company as a vehicle to attract these people was the most efficient way of doing it. I think entrepreneurship is just solving problems that haven't been fully solved before. It comes down to what we discussed before, which is.. Great things are never built by people who knew how to do it all along. It's built by people who had the resilience and grit to just try, fail, learn and iterate. I think that's the most important lesson that I learned in my career, And I think there's nothing more capturing definition than probably entrepreneurship.