This was another big kind of red flag that I saw when I joined. It's a very common issue that happens among startups. If you think your partner is not your fit, then you're every single day, every hour moment is the hell. In front of me. My husband got fired from those people who asserted that they owned the majority of the company, which is not true, though that party was preparing the coup behind the scene for maybe about two months. After a lot of drama this and that. You know, we ended up with three of the partners selling their shares and leaving the company. CUPBOP!! CUPBOP!! Don't believe in people believing the system. If you want to trust people, you have to have a great system Without plans, How do you assess yourself? How do you know when you're doing well? Five famous entrepreneur and they want our Cupbop. When we felt we got betrayed, we felt as if we lost everything. But the greatest lesson we learned from that experience we needed a system. One of our closest friends, one of the successful businessmen here in Utah, once said, Don't believe in people. Believe in the system Whoa, Don't believe in people. That is not nice to say. But if I interpret that exact sentence in our own way, I would say if you want to trust people, you have to have a great system, great, good enough system to trust people. I think I started off by, you know, one of the first things we did was we created an operations manual that set clear procedures inside our stores. That helped kind of stabilize a lot of the inconsistencies between the procedures that we had at different stores. Another thing that really helped was creating a very aggressive incentive plan, for our, our leaders at, at the stores, because at the end of the day, you succeed when the leaders at the store succeed. And to do that, you have to motivate them. And there are a lot of different ways to motivate people. But money's a common denominator for a lot of the you know, generally speaking, we saw benefit from that. I would say pretty immediately. As a manager, yeah, you could get up to $5,000 as incentive. And obviously this is dependent on how well I run the store, how well my crew are, if they're okay, if they're comfortable. And I think it inspires us to do better as well, you know, because we look forward to those incentives and we look forward to like, getting excited about it. So it motivates us to do better. Personally, I've gotten about up to $4,000. when we have our five partners, I care about some people. So I couldn't do my job because I focused on my partners. But after those three people is gone, me and Dok just think about how to make the Cupbop great again. We want to get the Panda Express so we, me and Dok me cover front, Dok cover the back. So we cover 360 with our all crews. But that's the partnership instruction right now. You know, I used to always tell Jung if there's one thing that keeps me up at night Somebody will copy our concept to come in and raise a lot of money and start just going at full speed before. And all of a sudden they become the first mover and they're recognized as the Korean brand. Right? And that was always my biggest worry. And I used to always tell Jung that and said, we need to really somehow get our name out there to concrete ourselves as that first mover. How do we do that? How do we do that? And Jung just said, let's get on Shark Tank, let's go. And I thought, Shark Tank. Yeah, that I think that, yeah, maybe that could work that day. I submit my paper about the ten different auditions. I think we pass phone call video, another FaceTime. It was super hard to get in the face. I mean, the Shark Tank. I think the biggest strategy was let's make sure that we get interest from everybody, right? Because at the end of the day, that's a confirmation of how attractive our business is to investors. So for us, it was let's go out there, let's show our energy. Let's show them what Cupbop is all about and let's see what they come back with. Jung told me, hey, my goal is to not have subtitles. I lived in the US, you know, far too long. It would be embarrassing to have them, you know, put subtitles for, you know, for me, which they didn't. So I think we succeeded in in both. Super fun After we shooting, I don't know how I explained this kind of feeling. It was great. They are one of the top five famous entrepreneur in front of me. They want our company so badly. They fighting each other more than ours. They ate a whole bowl, one shark asking $5 million. But we made the deal with the Mark Cuban. He's the big dog. He's the like legend guy. He was a super fun experience. And after that, a lot of people recognized our face. They are the Shark Tank guy, the little Shark Tank boys and the Cupbop boys. They recognize us a lot. This is my favorite one. I want you to try a little bit. That's a little spoon right here. How can we get better? More crunch or more meat or cheese? More crunch, for sure. I want to share another story, too. His name is Mike, Mike Dimic He was a homeless He had no house. He had no car. He started working with our company, like food truck crew, part time, dishwasher. That was his job. Guess what? He became a commissary guy. He became a general leader. He became a district leader. Now he covers the whole Colorado market. This guy put all the power and all the passion to his job, doing Cupbop together. Whenever I see him, that's my happiness right there. Like whenever something happening in company, he actually came to me and he hugged me and he cried like the baby. I cry, the big man. He told me whenever or somebody can touch you and anything, just let me know. I'm your bodyguard forever. That's my motivation right there. When you look at our interview papers, first question is, are you happy? We're not asking you name. We're not asking you education. We're not asking your experience. I want to make another Mike. I don't want to give a ceiling to everyone. I want to give everyone fair opportunity so they can go higher and higher and higher. Nobody can stop me. Because remember, our company goal is to take the Cupbop to the moon. That motivation can stop because I want to give you a more opportunity to my people can grow up our business together, not only by myself. We have to work together so we grow up together. If people look at this video, they would think like, you know, oh, they're very successful or they're becoming successful, but we're just we're just really, really, really normal people who are trying to succeed. My husband used to drive a food truck to all different kinds of festivals, because my husband was always busy day and night. The only way my kids were able to get to see see their dad was like, you know, I had to take my kids to the festivals with my husband together. So we always had a tent in our trunk. My kids were playing in the tent, and then I was selling food with my husband. That is one of the greatest memories we still have. I and my husband. We talk to each other We come this far only because of you or because of me. But we grew together. If we hadn't gone through what we've been through together, I would have never, ever got to love this man this much. I used to call my husband a spring. Spring feels comfortable Now, my family, including our five children, is a spring to me. And they they make me confident because of them, because of my family. I can do everything. There's nothing impossible. I really want to say this in Korean. A long time ago, I went to Portland to purchase a food truck And I had to drive on the way back. And all of a sudden, I started crying. Strange. Right? The person next to me were sleeping. And I was driving, and tears were dripping down my face. I don't know why. But that old memory outside the window There was a beautiful blue sky, white clouds, and a forest. I was passing by, and that scene was so beautiful. But it made me really sad. It's really hard to live and study for your dream. to live and study for their dreams. I was so lucky to have met my parents. And I was able to see this in America, I thought of people who have to live without seeing such scenery. I don't know why I got so emotional. I believe that rather than working hard to buy nice clothes and a car with the money It might be challenging, but I hope you can buy a ticket and see the wide world. It's not easy, but I think it can change your life. The world is really big and there are so many people living in it. Don't fall apart just because you are struggling, making mistakes, or unable to do something yourself When you knock down walls, they become bridges. I want to use that as an opportunity. Even though I ranked last in the entire school and can't speak English well, I still live well. That's because I gathered a bit more courage Don't be afraid Don't think that I'm not good enough. I want you to find what you're good at. I hope you get a chance to think while looking at the vast world. Even while traveling back and forth with my wife for 20 hours I was able to pursue my goal And I bravely put it into practice without being reckless, Doing so, I have been enjoying that work for 9 years now. I hope you give it a try, and I wish that you can also see the beautiful sky I've witnessed. Good luck!