Got married, 2007. One day I just decided I want to do my own business. If he says, like, you know, I want to do this, it's gotta do it. He immediately bought a food trailer on the day I guess First day,  we sold out. So I thought, yeah! But second day, not a lot of people actually came to me, but I don't want to just stand up waiting the customer. So I start playing some game with my partner And the suddenly people actually looking at us. So we start yelling at suddenly people actually came to our food truck and make the line. Our finance was very strong, you know, we had a lot of cash flow and then we're just growing over times. CUPBOP!! CUPBOP!! CUPBOP!! We just finding the people, putting the trucks - I thought, that's the system. - What's her goal? Short term, medium term and long term Goal. Some other people don't like Dok joining in our company. So basically my husband got fired in front of. All right. How are we? Great. Good. You ready? - Nice week. - Wow See, guys, this this is literally the power of our brand, right? So Leighton is. So I came to the States when I was 11. I born and raised in Korea. A bit of a crazy story. So my family came on a vacation to the States when I was 11, back in 1999. We toured the West Coast, did all the, you know, national parks and everything. We were all supposed to go back actually My parents sat me and my brother down. Oh, by the way, we're leaving tomorrow. You guys are not coming back with us. So that's how I, got to the US and just started living here. I didn't really know what was going on. I remember, you know, the day before my parents flew back, they, also bought me a game. Even when my parents were leaving, you know, I didn't quite comprehend what was going on at the time. So I was just like, hey, see ya. I'm gonna go back to playing my game. Prior to Cupbop, I was in finance for a number of years. I started off, at Goldman Sachs as an equity research analyst, where I spent about two and a half years. After that, I became an investor at a hedge fund called Citadel. At Goldman, you'll, you know, they'll say, hey, we need to do this. We want to research this. We need to write research reports. We have a deadline. We got to get this done by next week. Let's go. Whereas Citadel here's $300 million. Go make money. So your base salary is anywhere from 150 to 250. Bonus ranges zero into the millions. A lot of people were very surprised when I said I was leaving, and especially more surprised when I said I was going to join a restaurant brand between Goldman Citadel. I was coming up on 7 to 8 years on Wall Street. You know, I just had this feeling that, man, there's so many things I want to try. I always felt that if I hit that ten year mark in only finance, am I going to be able to try, you know, something new? Not that I can't try, but I also knew that even myself Would I want to try at that point? That's why I decided to leave Citadel. I got to know Cupbop as one of their first customers. Loved the product. Always thought that with the good team this could be a brand that could that could go national. So that's that's why I decided to leave Citadel. Before he joined our company, It was disaster That time, we don't have any organizations at all. We just finding some people, putting the trucks, putting the stores, working so hard. I thought, that's the system. But when Dok joined it, he tried to build up the structures. We run rate about one three right now, right? Like at 1.3, our model is so efficient we can run under 20% like. That's I've never seen him looking at the numbers. I once told my husband, like, you know, as a CEO of this company, you also need to understand the cash flow and financial status of the company. And he said, like, you know, that is not my gift. That is something managed by a person who's professional for numbers and finance, but I'm not the person. So I'll do things I can do well. At that time it was very much still a local business, if not any planning at the time. What's our goal? Short terme, medium terme and long terme goal. Those didn't exist at the time, so I worked on a five year plan for the company. Fairly aggressive plan, but something that was possible to achieve. The first week. I didn't see his face at all, he just putting the computer. He did something. - BA ba ba ba ba ba ba ba. Thought he's crazy. After one week, he brought some big kind of paper. Here we go. What is it? All the numbers. He actually making five year plan that first week. He didn't even know how to make him the Cupbop. He doesn't have any idea about the Cupbop culture some other people don't like. Dok joined our company. The reason why? He is a super young, the super smart, but he doesn't have any experience at the restaurant. This was another big kind of red flag that I saw when I joined. It's a very common issue that happens among startups with multiple co-founders and or partners. As you start growing, there needs to be a natural separation of roles within the company and the ownership of the company, because there are two different things. I may be an Apple shareholder, but that doesn't mean I you know, I have a role at Apple, right? I don't work there and I can still be a owner. People have a very tough time separating the two because, hey, I have 30% ownership. Like I need to be the decision maker on everything. No, you can be on the board, but the day to day, you know, operating decisions are made by the people who have the respective roles. We had a weekly kind of owners meeting or shareholders meeting. You know, you don't have weekly shareholders meeting, right? You'll have maybe you'll have them quarterly or something. You know, shareholders don't make everyday decisions. And that was. The practice at the time, and that will create a lot of bad decision making and a lot of inefficiencies. I started addressing and said, we need to really start separating this, or there's really no way we're going to be able to grow. So. Back on November 9th, 2020. In front of me, my husband, you know, my husband, a father of five children, got fired from those people who asserted, that they own the majority of the company. Which is not true, though, so briefly to explain, like, you know, the reason why this happened was because, we hired a third party consulting company to make a structure objectively because, you know, we paid a lot of money, but I when I asked my husband, hey, we can make a company structure. Why should we hire, you know, paying this expensive money? And my husband said, we're trying to grow a company, not a mom and pop store anymore. We like to make a company. We can compete each other fairly so employees can expect, okay, if I do better in this company, you know, I can be promoted. So we have to make a fair enough company that everybody can agree. So that was the reason why we hired this third party company for for consulting to build up a fair company structure. But during the process, one of those people said, like, you know, why should I compete with employees? I'm an owner of this company. I don't want to compete with people I train. And I said, we already agreed. Like, you know, that's why we started this company together. And then all of a sudden during this process of consulting a consultation, because only because you don't want to compete with employees like, you know, while you're taking all these benefits as an owner with all these great dividends and great salaries, if you do not agree with it's not going to happen because this this is what we agreed originally. It is critical to have all of your major shareholders sharing the same vision. If the vision, that ultimate vision and goal is not aligned, people have very different incentives in their actions. For example, if I'm interested in creating a national brand, I want to make sure I invest every dollar we have back into the company versus if I'm not as interested in becoming a national brand, I'm okay not growing as much, but making, you know, pretty good money right now. Then you would say, why do we have to invest everything back into the company? I'd rather dividend our profits out every year, even every quarter for that matter, which creates a very tough environment to work with. The hardest part of that moment, that day was that like, you know, we never knew that was coming. That party was preparing the coup behind the scenes for maybe about two months. I don't even know how long they were preparing. They were taking confidential information from an owners meeting to the attorney they were talking to to take over the company. And then on the day, we're waiting for one of those people to talk about, repurchasing her equity, but she didn't show up. Instead, this lawyer, showed up at the meeting. I was very surprised. And then I called our attorney saying, like, you know, she never showed up, but instead, you know, these attorneys here. And then our attorney said, don't say anything. So, I told these people like, hey, our attorney says, don't do not talk anything to this attorney. You know, it's not beneficial. I still remember one of them telling me that oh, don't worry about it. Five minutes before the meeting started and five minutes later, they started meeting by themselves without looking at me. In 30 minutes, they released me from present for no reason. They fired my husband. They call because of a harassment, which is a total lie. They just needed a reason. I almost passed out. You know, our partner. He was in shock too, and my husband was very calm. And after the meeting, my husband told them, like, you know, hey, Brother, let's talk about it. Let's talk about this. And they said, okay, okay, okay, wait. And they just ran away just like that. The partner story. I really don't want to say anything. Get partners means get married in business. Think about really deeply. When you trying to want to do business with your partners, think deeply and think about one more time and think about again If you can give up everything, then you can do the partner. If you think your partner is not your fit, then you're every single day, every hour moment is the hell. When the coup like happened, like about two years ago. That was really shocked to me. His energy was the reason I came when things happened and I couldn't accept that. I tried to get a petition from our general managers all around and actually I got caught from. Vulnerable partner at that time, so I couldn't make it at all. But they tried to actually like manipulate the fact and like they just to release the rumor, which is not true. And I try to fix them. I try to correct I felt really frustrated, like, okay, if Jung is terminated and there is a chance that I cannot work with him, probably I'm going to go back to my country and Cupbop is meaningless to me without him. And later that day we came home. And as soon as I entered, into the house from the garage, my daughter asked, how's it going, mom? Like, you know what happened? First son, he was he looked very worried, but couldn't ask any question and, my husband couldn't say a word, but rather he hugged all of our children, and he started crying. Later that night, we were in bed and couldn't sleep. You know, we couldn't sleep. Around 2 or 3 a.m., my husband asked me a question. The very first sentence he told me that day, he said, what do you think I did wrong? Instead of son of B or any swearing word? The very first question he said, like, you know, what do you think I did wrong? And I told my husband, if you knew this was coming, would you change your plan not to build up a company? And then he said, maybe not, because he always wanted to make a company strong enough company to stay for long, even after he leaves the position as a CEO. And I said, then you didn't do anything wrong. Don't stop thinking about things you feel like you know you did wrong, but rather just focus on resolving this issue because there are people who trust in you. So, right after that happened, even if those three people betrayed us many more people supported our company, including our employees our crews, managers, district managers, all those people supported to sustain our company. The bank we were working with and the parent company were working with, and our partners, our Indonesian partners and our store partners, our investor group, they all supported. They were all on my husband's side to protect our company together. And after, you know. After a lot of drama this and that, you know, we ended up with three of the partners selling their shares and leaving the company. So, you know, now it's just Jung and me just, you know, rock and rolling every day. I still remember it was the big day because truck schedules morning to dinner. Saturday got rained in Utah, so we canceled all the events. But after a couple hours the rain stopped because I already canceled all the event, right? So I got some time. I took my five kids with my wife. We riding bicycle. Just riding bicycle. Not the special thing anything They are super happy. They're laughing so hard because they never done before. I actually went the corner and I cried. I look at my wife. She also cried on the corner. We work so hard and those kids are waiting for. This time so much and they never complained. Just little. Riding bicycle with a five kids was hard at that time. I just gave you a full excuse myself. Because of you, I have to work so hard just waiting for it. They waiting for me. That's just little happiness. Riding the bicycle. The all five kid was a happy. And those. After those experiences, I need to focus on my family more. The simple thing it's riding a bicycle regularly and they're happy. Don't believe in people believing the system. If you want to trust people, you have to have a great system. We need to really somehow get our name out there to concrete ourselves as that first mover. Jung just said, let's get on Shark Tank, Let's go. They are one of the top five famous entrepreneur. They fighting each other more than ours.