Most people, they're just trying to keep their head above water. Like you go into your job, you're getting a deluge of emails or requests and you're just trying not. I think managing your time effectively takes some intentionality when you're drowning, or when you're feeling like you're not getting enough time, or when you're way too busy. That intentionality can feel like a luxury. I'm just trying to keep my head above water. Like the last day I want to do is step back and, like, look at my schedule and do an audit of how I'm spending my time. It just feels like, that's insane. You're just trying to move through the day. And I think that's reasonable. You know, a lot of people are just trying to, like, get through their inbox, get through their task, get through their workday and knock it out. But that doesn't do it in this work environment because you have to be intentional or else everybody's going to take your time. You know, you got to block off the time. You know, heads down. You've got to think about how you want to manage your week. You've got to think about what's important in your week. So you don't just spend the whole week knocking out little fires the whole time and then end up on Friday. Or, you know, what the hell did I do this week? So I think that intentionality is so, so critical and most people don't make time for it. My name is Matt Martin. I am the co-founder and CEO of Clockwise. We are a time automation platform that helps individuals, teams, and companies get schedules that they love. There are a lot of things that I'm proud of about what we've accomplished at clockwise, but I think the biggest achievement is creating an engine, a scheduling engine that can take in information about how you work, your preferences, what's happening in your day, what's happening in your organization, and automatically moved me to create a better script. That's something when we first introduced that idea to the world and we were pitching investors, a lot of people laughed us out of the room because it sounds crazy and it is a little bit crazy, but being able to do that reliably, effectively, in a way that empowers our users is probably our crowning achievement. And we moved 17 million plus meetings so far in clockwise history. So I'm a time nerd and I say I like love it. Like I love like productivity software. I love calendar audits. I was working with my front engineering team, and I was questioning why the number one complaint I get is like, they don't have enough time to go heads down because you go look at their calendar. It's like, well, relative to my calendar, it looks pretty good. You gotta unpack that problem a little bit more, because if you just look at what's going on at the service level, you're not getting the whole picture. And after pulling that thread for a while, what we came to is the conclusion that time inside of these model organizations, they become so networked. It's not just the calendar system where literally, like, somebody can reach out and grab time for me by just looking at my calendar, but also people are sending emails or sending slacks. They're sending JIRA tickets, they're sending messages at confluence like we're asking each other of time and attention all throughout the day. And this gets a little bit philosophical, but I think it's a really important piece to understand what we do with clockwise, which is if you have a really valuable resource and nothing's more valuable in time, both philosophically but also brass tacks, payroll is the number one expense inside of most knowledge worker organizations. So you have this really, really valuable resource. It's become a shared resource, but nobody's regulating it. That creates a classic tragedy that comets. And this goes to an economic principle where you have a shared resource, it gets eviscerated because nobody's actually regulating it. And so the classic example is everybody can spot pollution in the air, unless you have a regulator to actually make for the public benefit, or you can end up with a bad result. But time is similar to that where everybody's thinking about like, how do they need to get their data on and just grabbing from others. And so you need to have something that comes in and helps actually coordinate amongst everyone for the good of the whole team, for the whole organization. And at the core, that's our philosophy at clockwise is like, we want to help that individual get the best schedule by looking out for them across the team, across the people they meet with, across the organization. And we also think that unless you do that, you're going to end up in a bad outcome. One thing that I would advise everybody to do, if you just take away one tip, it's not easy. It might feel like a luxury, but just spend a little bit of time at the start of your week asking, what are the most critical things for me to accomplish this week? And that list should only be three items, maybe five. And then look at whether you have the time to do it. And when I say look at the time, whether if you have to do it, let's say like, I need to knock out this presentation and I need to spend some time talking to customers. Well, then look at your calendar and see when is that going to happen. Just in broad buckets. You don't need to like schedule out the exact time. Just do you have the heads down time to accomplish that. And if you don't move things around and make sure you do and block it off. Some people love time blocking like they love to take that specific item of like, I'm going to do this presentation Wednesday afternoon if you want to do that and that works for you, awesome. I say go for it. But for me, it's hard to plan out exactly what I'm going to do something. So I take those broad priorities and I just make blocks of focused time that say, hey, if I have these blocks and I have my task list, I'll at least have enough time of the week to get my most important priorities done. The idea of helping people get a better schedule, getting a better, more productive work environment in really spoke to me as a manager. It spoke to me as an engineer, but it also spoke to me just as a human who's been focused on productivity software my whole life. And it's one of those rare ideas I think are very rare, where the value for the end user and the value for the buyer align directly in a way that creates a high degree of focus and clarity for what sort of product you have to deliver. And for us, if we deliver a great product that really gives you a better schedule, that's going to help that team work better, that's going to help that company work better together. It's going to help them ship faster. It's going to help them deliver more for their customers. The value for that end user, the team in the company are all aligned. And so we can focus on just delivering something that really helps that user. And in the process, I think there are companies out there that are charitable organizations that are really driving big humanity level changes. And I'm not going to sit here and pretend that clockwise is a capitalistic endeavor. However, and this is really important to me because of that value alignment between the individual, team and company, we can still drive huge human level impact. I mean, if you get a good day where you get to jam and do what you want to do, you go home happier, you back your life happier. And that makes me like that gives me energy on a database that gives me energy. Seven years after founder. We're in this early development phase where, again, we had the clarity of where we want to take this thing, but we just weren't sure how the initial product would manifest. And so one of the first things we did is reached out to friends and family to figure out some places that we could test this out, and early on, we got connected with a high up engineer at. I remember going in and we had gotten a meeting with. It was either a director or a VP level in the engineering organization, and they allowed us to connect clockwise in a very secure, closed way to their corporate calendar. And what we did is we used that in order to power a demonstration of what the optimization can yield. That was the initial question is if clockwise is in our power system and we allow it to move our meetings, is there actually a benefit there? Because that was an unknown. People were convinced they hadn't seen it before. And so we connected to this power system. We had hundreds of people and we ran virtualized. We didn't do this in Google Calendar, but we took all the real data, and we ran a optimization of their whole calendar system in a way that we can show it to that leader. And, you know, we ran it and you could see all the meetings moving around. You could see what would impact people's schedule. You inspect all of it. And the result came back and we were giving them back thousands of hours, thousands of hours over the course of a couple of months. But like, we were actually driving so much productivity of that organization. His eyes just lit up and said, yeah, yeah, I'll if you can deliver that, I will buy it. We raise our seed round from Accel Partners in 2017, and we were focused at that point of trying to unlock, like this initial version of the product that would deliver value and allow us to expand. And when we raise our A round from Greylock Partners, we weren't quite there yet. We had some initial traction, and the results looked incredibly promising in terms of what we could drive, but it just wasn't there, so we had to release it publicly. Yet we're still in very private beta, and then in the summer of 2019, for the very first time, we opened that up to all Google Calendar users. At first, we kind of, you know, we had a waitlist experience where you had to get through, but more or less we unbound. It allowed people to access it. And that's where you saw that effort that we put in in terms of building that viral growth inside the company start to spin out. We released out a product out. We saw those initial like 1200 or so users. We got that initial traction. It felt great. And they were like, is that it? Is that gonna work? But then week after week, it just started to spin up and up and up and up. And the important thing is that the growth was compounding with those initial 1200 users, some of them seeded in experience or organization, where it started to spread and others talked about it on social media, where we got more and it just started to spin and it was so incredibly exciting. It's hard to express some words. So clockwise is a product that focuses on driving value for the individual. And we had kind of a chicken and egg problem in the early days, which is that the product gets way better when you use it with others. It's fundamentally about intersecting with other teammates and other calendars and being able to optimize the whole. If you just have one person, we can deliver some value, but it's not as remarkable as if you use it with your team. And so we had to figure out a way to pull that individual in and get them spun up such that it starts to spread to their team. And so that was the initial barrier. How do we get the product to start to spread inside of organizations? And it required us to to do a few different things. So we had to build that single player value. That wasn't frankly, a lot of these were bells and whistles around the real meat and potatoes, which is that kind of team based value of being able to optimize schedule. But we saw that user comes in. Of course, they want to see what can you do for me today. And so we built out things like personal calendar sync automatically color coded your meetings, be able to put travel time on, be able to block off lunch. And these features allow people to get that instant hit of value while we still drove them towards hey, opt into the meetings that you want clockwise to automate. And we tinkered with this for some time, but ultimately found a calibration that that allowed that user to come in, utilize the features, and gave us time to spread inside that organization. And that was one of the biggest early unlocks of the company going to that early unlock of kind of that viral growth inside the organization. That's always been a key driver of our growth. So we tend to land inside of an organization. Sometimes we land in by people, companies. We land in a company that might be 500, 1000, 10,000 and clockwise starts to grow inside that company. And it allowed us to mature into places where like Uber, Netflix, Pinterest, Instacart, where we have these large deploys that are powering a huge component of their organization. And that continues to be a huge driver for us today. So our mission is to help the world make time for what matters. It's been our mission since day one. We see that often the obstacle for people to get what they want done in the day or in the week is their work calendar. It's those meetings that get in their way, and our vision is to help give everyone a schedule they love. We want you to feel that. We want you to feel that in your schedule. Hopefully a daily basis, at least a weekly basis. Clockwise helps organizations and teams get more productivity in the week. You know, more time to ship, more time to deliver, more time with customers, more time with clients. That is ultimately what we're driving. But we always try to stay anchored to that vision of, if we give you a schedule that you love, all the rest falls into place.