Everyone was telling me to downsize the company. We only had less than two years of success and everyone was so excited. Everyone was so pumped. We have people who have already worked in much bigger hospitality brands, 50% pay cut. And stay with us. We have so many of those teams in the company. It was overwhelming. I was telling our shareholders, hey, downsizing was not the right strategy. It will kill the spirit. It will kill the whole idea of building this company. Hi, I'm Indra Gunawan. I'm the CEO and co-founder of Bobobox. We are the next generation of sleeping lifestyle company. We have two products Bobobox pot for those frequent budget travelers. And we have Bobo Cabin for those who love nature and want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city, our pods and our cabins are tech enabled and they are modular, so it's very easy for them to to be assembled. We got selected as the Endeavor entrepreneur and today we have more than 1 million registered users. We have raised more than $30 million and we are doubling down our expansions in Indonesia and beyond. As a kid, I was quite a nerd I would say, like, I really liked studying. I had that ambition to go to that, you know, that best university in Australia and which is a University of Melbourne. The ambition at the time was to be a lawyer actually. But then in 2005 I received a call that my dad had stroke just to realize that he was also facing bankruptcy. Our family was buried in debt, and at the time I kind of realized that if I were to return back to Indonesia, there was no way I could pursue my my law career. So I had to drop the law. So, you know, being a 19, 20 year old boy at the time I had to jump in into the into the business, you know, that I asked myself like, why is this happening? You know, I'm supposed to do law. When you hit that rock bottom, right? You just have to figure out and you just have to bounce back stronger. The first thing that I did at the time was to continue a printing shop that my dad had at the time. I did a lot of things to to immerse myself into the offset printing world. You know, ask a lot of people, I ask a lot of, you know, printing players. And at the time I was fortunate enough to spot an opportunity. So back in 2005, there was no a printing company that has ISO certifications. So that's what we did. We became the first one to get that ISO certification and started getting all these, you know, big companies. And that's how we turned around the business After that, one thing led to another. So one of our clients in the printing company was Telekom Indonesia. I was introduced to the tech landscape. It was during that moment of mobile gaming is growing really, really fast. I thought, hey, this is something that Indonesian people can actually build. I had myself an opportunity to set up a game studio by the time I would say I was still really young. And, you know, there are so many fundamentals that I overlook, we kind of go ahead and launch a product, even not knowing that it has a really good chance to achieve product market fit. So I'd say that's the first lesson that I learned, making sure that whenever you want to build something, it has to be something that is well thought of, something that you need to give a lot of research, you need to deep dive into it not only about the product, but what will be the go to market strategies as well. So the company got acquired. They just acquired BlackBerry Messenger after that, actually, you know, reality kicks in. So I just had my first daughter and my partner, Antonius, he just got married, so we did a consultation job. I got really bored. You can't really do much when it's not being executed, right? So I told my partner, Antonius, Hey, let's do you know another startup? I came across an article that says, if you want to create a legendary product, it has to be able to tap into everyone's lifestyle. So we discovered that sleep is is a very big part of everyone's lifestyle, and it has been jeopardized because the world is moving faster and faster. And to my surprise, I found that the number of travelers in Indonesia has multiplied 9x in the last five years. The rise of these travelers are dominated by the budget travelers. I realized that, you know, pricing points should be something that we need to break down. That's when I get to know about bunk beds and capsule hotels. I decided to take some time off and travel for six months trying all these capsule hotels. I went to Japan, to Singapore, Malaysia, Amsterdam and New York, and to my surprise, they all had one thing in common. All of them had more than 90% occupancy rate. So the business was doing really, really well. I tried to find some time to speak with the owners. Why don't you scale the business faster? And they said that, you know, it's it's a location that they have from their parents or from their grandparents. The CapEx intensive becomes a blocker for this business to grow. But what I realized that the product market fit is there. That's when I started to think, how can we increase the space so that it is comfortable for most people that can tap into the mass market as well. So after that, I'll also figure out how can I grow the business without owning the property And that's when modularity comes into mind. And coming from manufacturing background, who used to create signs, Hey, what if we were to make a modular capsule? How if they can be. Assemble in any type of building convert any building And I started doing the unit economics to make sure that with this site it can generate more revenue per square meter compared to the conventional hotels. It was something that I got obsessed with. In the meantime, my sister is running a small hotel in Bandung. I told my sister, Hey, can I tear down one of your hotel rooms and convert it into a capsule? That was in December 2017. I bootstrapped and I managed to to get the founding team, people who believe in the ideas. We basically tore down one room in my sister hotel, converted it into a capsule, and for that particular month, our occupancy rate was 99%. Long story short, we got that funding and we built the first capsule hotel. And to our surprise, it went really viral. We got our first customers. So things are getting super exciting, but we also made a lot of mistakes. We didn't know what the expectations were, Who are these users? And then we built the whole technology within less than six months, we still had a lot of bugs as well. Some guests couldn't, you know, enter their their own pods It was really hard, but it was really rewarding at the same time when we got great reviews from some of the guests who actually tried. And this kind of feedback really gave you that extra push to better iterate your product. So since we launched it until Covid, our occupancy rate was more than 85% across every locations, and our repeat rate is at 48%. So that was really, really promising and we were growing really fast at that time. I still remember there was, you know, early 2020. We were still very excited in expanding our location and with getting so many inquiries from property owners who want their assets to be converted into our hotels. And then in January, we started hearing news about Covid happening in China. Occupancy rate declined rapidly from 85% average to 40%. Most other conventional operators are, you know, reaching, you know, even single digit occupancy rate. Everyone was just telling me that, you know, hey, you just have to slow down and save as much money as possible and try to basically, you know, downsize the company. We only had less than two years of success with the pods And everyone was so excited. Everyone was so pumped. We have people who have who have already worked in much bigger hospitality brands, 50% pay cut and stay with us. We have so many of those team in the company. It was overwhelming. I was telling our shareholders, hey, downsizing was not the right strategy. It will kill the spirit. It will kill the whole idea of building this company. We try to brainstorm to find the right solutions. That's when we discover a new opportunity. We realized that after staying home for six months, a lot of people couldn't take it anymore. People just started  going out, hiking, going to the forest. That was very interesting because it was all happening across the globe. That's what we did. There was one day my wife asked me to go to this forest that I've never been in. We just decided to to grab, some snacks and just to chill with our friends and our kids. So it was 8 a.m. in the morning. Amazing weather, Amazing, breathtaking views, something that I haven't seen in a while. We thought we were going to be there till lunchtime. What happened was we ended up having a great time until 6 p.m. He said before Covid, it was 500 per week. But now it's only like 700. So it didn't multiply as much as the number of people who are visiting. So I thought, hey, if we were to create a lodging solution here, we may be able to tap into this market. After that, I invited our team to discuss about this idea and we all just got super excited. But at least after several months we have something that was promising and something that was still related to what we are passionate about, which is building a lodging solution. So we decided to go even further into Ranca Upas Forest, which was 1.5 hours away from Bandung. Our expectations is only to get 50% occupancy rate, which was the weekend, and to our surprise, the occupancy rate was 100%. So I would like to try another two cabins installed in Cikole. So now we have two different location and I would like to find out how big the market is. So when we launch the cabins in Cikole, I still remember we posted in Instagram on Tuesday afternoon, 3 p.m. and by 6 p.m. one of my friends called, Hey, Indra, I couldn't book your cabin in Cikole. I think your app has some bugs, so I called my CTO. Hey, what happened with the app? Like, my my friend couldn't book the cabin. Indra, we are sold out for the whole month. So in three hours since we launched it, it was sold for the whole month. After that, it's all, you know, the all the great story about the cabin. The cabin saved the company just within months. The growth of cabins actually matched the growth of the pods in 2 years Not only we sustain and keep every employees that we have, we were expanding. You know, the moment we knew that it worked. The first thing that crossed my mind is that, you know, being able to support all these people again, people who believe in us from day one. I love what Eric, the Zoom founder, said, like, your product will evolve, but you got to figure out your culture from day one. And that was so true For me there was one of the greatest blessings. I've never seen the team been so much fun and so connected to each other as well because during this difficult times that's when you're being tested and that's when trust was built. So and that was just purely beautiful, you know. I did ask these questions a lot to myself as well as I grew. When you were faced with bankruptcy and when you were buried in debt, you tried to do whatever it takes. You got to be ruthless. You need to be able to fall hard and, you know, pick yourself up again and, you know, and basically keep on pushing at the time. I mean, like the younger version of me is all about it's all about results. And then you will realize that if you were to make it even bigger, you get to meet a lot of people. That's when you start to know more about empathy. Those are the things that will make you wiser. That's when you start, you know, having wisdom in your your leadership. You know, there will be times when people are actually giving you second chances when people are helping you out, even though you already failed. So I guess those are the stages that I went through. And now it came to the stage where after empathy, what now is self-control? Because when things are moving really fast, you have so many opportunities, you have so many distractions, how can you make sure that you are that authentic leader that still carry on that integrity values to your team member, that you remain as a good role model? So I guess that's the faces that we have to go through. Being an entrepreneur is lonely journey And it's a very long journey So, the most important thing is to figure out What really matter most to you For me now, is to keep on iterating the product that we have At the same time, we're looking at an international market We strongly believe they can work in many parts of the world It can create values, the same way like what we did in Indonesia