First in the tank is a convenient version of a popular cuisine. Sharks! We are pumped to be here. My name is Dok - My name Jung - And we're from. CUPBOP!! My name is Junghun Song, I've lived in Utah for I think it's about 18 years. My company's name is Cupbop. Cup, Cup means cup. Bop means rice. Cupbop Bottom of rice. Cabbage mix on the top 100% sweet potato noodle. You can choose different kinds of proteins. Chicken, beef, pork. We have a 38 store in the United States. We got 120 stores in Indonesia. The Cupbop goal is like really simple. Taking the cup up to the space to the moon. I want to take the cup up to everywhere I've never seen people saying, you know what? That restaurant is really fun. I don't want to say that was the marketing proposal. If my best friend making ramen, even though that ramen tastes not good, I'm okay. That's the brand identity we try to create. I'm from South Korea, Seoul, I was slacker. I never studied my life, so my mom and my parents actually told me, just be healthy and I actually get into high school. I have like ten best friends. They are all dancers except me. I actually learned dance from each members. I will start a little late, but when I actually start the b-boying in Korea I was pretty good because I worked so hard. I practiced like eight hours every single day. I almost making my album with my teams. My favorite manager actually came to me and said, Hey Jung, I think you can be really popular, but not this way. With this kind of face. Cannot succeed on TV. If you can't do a little comedian, you can be super famous. Can you try it that way? That night I dropped everything. My mom, my dad, they actually make the deal between them and me. If you can stay six months in us after that, you can do whatever you want. I really don't want to go to the US because I don't speak English at all. That was when I was 26, 26. I directly came to Utah, Salt Lake City. I just want to go back to Korea every single day. So I was like staying in the room all day long. Just listen to the music, watching TV, that's all. I don't want to ask him the money to my parents. I'm trying to get a job. So I went Korean restaurant because I don't have to speak English well. But all the customer was the American people. I want to get some more tips? I have to open my mouth because like waiters at that time, they only pay me $2.50 per hour. Everything is about the tips. If I serving nicely, they give you more tips. I showing them the magic When I share my love, my extra things, they really like it. So they actually ask me my schedule. When do you work? Then they coming? I got a lot of tips. I was born in Gwangju, southwest part of Korea. I danced. I did ballet in middle and high school. I was good enough, I think. One day I thought that I had no confidence to become a top ballerina. Just few people who studied abroad became really successful. I thought I would never have that kind of opportunity. Instead I thought, like, you know, what can I do? I really liked speaking English. One of my mentors, he said, you know, why don't you go to America to study? When I quit dance, my mom was pretty happy because like, oh, I'm going to, I'm going to start saving some money because she quit dance. But right away I immediately said, I want to study abroad. My college life, it was boring. I only studied and studied and studied. You know, in my junior I was in charge of the Asian Festival in college. Asian festival is to introduce different Asian cultures from different countries. I was in charge of the Korean part and I was making a choreography, mixing Korean traditional dance, hip hop and break dance. But I knew nothing about breakdance. One of my friends who had a crush on my husband said, like, you know, I know one person who used to be a breakdancer, so we can invite him to practice. So I was like, you know, oh, okay. I never expected that I would fall in love with him. You know, when I got to see him again to get some help for breakdancing for the Asian festival, you know, I was pretty impressed with his courtesy and kindness. He's a person who always tries to help others. I think, you know, it's quite different between these two approaches because like a person who thinks like, oh, I'm really professional, I'm good enough. You know, some people, they tend to lead the group, you know, they want to lead the group. Another person like my husband, just watches first and finds out what kind of support and he can possibly provide by not interfering the group. Because of that, a lot of people around him, like, you know, surrounding him, always followed my husband. He's a shining person wherever he goes because of his personality. I already knew he didn't like studying. I had a belief that no matter what kind of job he gets, what kind of career he would eventually get, he would completely support his family with responsibility and dedication. Got married 2007. I was working with my brother in law. He was a dental technician. He used to own the dental lab. After that I have to sitting like eight hours every single day. It's not been my personality. So I actually ask him, hey, can I do the sales? He said, hey, I don't want to go outside because you don't speak English at all Give me one week Let me show you what I got. But after one week I brought a lot of doctors and he got shocked. What did you do? I do massage All the doctors, they really like me. One day I just decide I want to do my own business and all of my ideas. I actually wrote down the little note, so I actually talked to my wife. What do you think about this idea? She hates all. The last idea was the Gorilla VIP. It's a little coupon. If I showed my VIP card I got a discount from the resta That was my first business. At the time. We were really poor. That's when Apple introduced the very first iPad. So restaurant membership business like, you know, including IT techniques such as a website or app or, you know, we knew nothing about it. We created a website and he started sales. And then I wanted to support him. I remember one day waiting for my husband in a car with two children sleeping in the car. It was late at night and we're driving together looking for a restaurant. And then we found this restaurant and he said oh, I'll come back, you know, just wait here. And he went inside and I was sitting, waiting for my husband for about an hour and a half while he did sales, and he came back into the car showing this little check for $50, and then said, that was our very first earning for the business. So it was not a big amount of money. Actually, I couldn't say anything but cried because I knew how much he tried to get the very first client for the business. He didn't immediately get a client right after we started business. I think it was about 3 to 4 weeks after we started it. That very moment, I couldn't say anything but very appreciated for his try and effort because I understood his excitement. I think that's the greatest foundation of this family. Okay. Hey, what's going on? Something like that. It's all good. Super hot. Come on. All right. Sandy Country Club. Concert up there. 200 balls that we're hoping to sell. They guaranteed 100. Cupbop! Cupbop! Cupbop! Cupbop! Cupbop! Cupbop! The one day I saw the food truck in University of Utah. At the same time I was watching documentary about Noryangjin Kpop in Korea. That area, everybody doesn't get a job. They trying to go to academy to get a good job. That's the Noryangjin area. A lot of people has no time. A lot of people has no money. So I thought, oh, there might be really work in United States. It was like, hit me like that then I don't have the dishwashers, just a little paper cup. I can put everything and grab and go. I like the food, but I don't want to work seven, eight minutes. So I thought, oh, if I want to do the business, that's my style. So okay, so first of all, let me explain the overall situation in food truck industry in Utah. There were only a few food trucks actively running at the time. When he first told me that, hey Yeiri, I want to open a food truck with Korean barbecue, like in a Korean food. And I was like, here in Utah? food truck? And then I've never seen any type of food truck, you know, in Utah, especially Korean food. And then a lot of people didn't even know Korean restaurants were existing in Utah. You know, maybe some people didn't even know I was, you know, whether I was from North Korea or South Korea. Our previous business, Gorilla VIP, was doing well. So when he first brought up the idea of Cupbop, I was like, you know what? Now? Now if he says, like, I want to do this, he's got to do it. So I said, like, okay, we're going to do it, but when and how? And he immediately bought a food trailer on the day, I guess In 2013 we had three children and the last one was only about a year old. The first day we sold out. So I thought, yeah! But the second day, not a lot of people actually came to m oh, what should I do? I thought, this guy, we work really well, but it's not working. But I don't want to just stand up waiting the customer. So I start playing some game with my partner. The suddenly people actually looking at us. What are you doing? Those Asians. Why they are so happy? Why they are dancing. So I talk to my partner and said, oh, they're looking at me. So we start yelling it. Suddenly people actually came to our food truck and make the line. People bring the phone and make a video for us. They putting the social media. So bringing a lot of followers to our social media page. That's how we start the Cupbop - Dok is a late. - My. Bad, my bad guys. Obviously we had a big that big bump in May right. And I think we absolutely have the opportunity to hold here and go back up to your point up selling. Yeah I'm trying to still being patient about like marketing. So their food trucks coming every week once a week I think it was Thursdays. And there was this like bright yellow truck. And I was like whoa that's really bright. And it was Korean barbecue in a cup. And I was like, what the hell? Korean? There's no Koreans in Utah. And so I was super excited when I first tried it, It was at the very beginning there weren't that many people, but I was so excited, tried the food, you know, it worked for me. I would say the food itself. It may not work for Koreans because it's not catered for Koreans or Asians, really, for that matter, but for the mainstream kind of American taste buds. It works. And so it worked on me. And another thing that really impressed me, you know, outside the food, even more than the food was the energy it had, you know, the kind of the stereotypical than the food was the energy it had, you know, the kind of the stereotypical Asian restaurant you think about. You know, people usually think the food's really good, but the place is not very clean. The customer service is subpar. That's kind of the stereotype, right? Cupbop turned that completely upside down. These Asians screaming, dancing, high fiving super loud. You know, that's not the typical Asian restaurant feel. And so that was super, super impressive. And it was enjoyable to just go there to interact. And the line just kept getting longer and longer and longer and longer. And that's when I thought, wow, this, this place, you know, this brand could really go places. When people talk about restaurants, they usually say, oh, the food is delicious or service is great, you know? But I've never seen people saying, you know what? That restaurant is really fun. That's the brand identity we try to create. I believe this is a private party held by a Ryan Smith, who is the founder and CEO of Qualtrics. Hey, what's up man? So my recommendation do combo with the Kko Kko and Piggy mix. Half and half. - Let me find out where my husband. - Right here. - I'm going to - - I find your hubby right here Korean chicken cries Kko Kko daek That's why we call Kko Kko bop Oh, there you go. You got an extra? I give you extra meat okay? extra! Oh. The food is important, but I think it's not the most important. A lot of people actually ask me about our marketing, but I don't want to say that was the marketing purpose even For example, like this. If my best friend making ramen, even though that ramen tastes not good, I'm okay because my friend actually made those ramen for me. We are super close. The customer and us. We remember our name, each others. We didn't have any a lot of money so we have to do something. If I have a lot of money, I can just go to a TV and make a little commercial over there. But that time I have one trailers, I have a two partners and the members Utah have a 4 or 5 months strong winter. It was a super hard to survive in the food truck. What should I do? So our first idea was if you're following us at the social media like Facebook, Instagram We select one people per month. We send them our food truck to their house. We can invite 25 people making private event. That first event was a hit really well. Five TV channels came to us to making those video. Since the very beginning, we never had a loss. We always had profits and the profit grew over the times. It really nice. It's unique. It's my favorite one in Utah. What's my favorite on the menu? It's definitely the ugly cup pot. I would say at least once a week is the only time he'll spend time with me is if I'm like, hey, do you want to go get cut off? I like the combo bop. I like the rock bop chicken. But I always order kimchi to. Our finance was very strong, you know, we had a lot of cash flow and then we just were just growing over time. There are a lot of rich people in the world. There are so many rich people and there are so many smart people out there. But guess what? There are not many honest people out there. In front of me. My husband got fired from. I actually went to Cornell and I cried. I looked at my wife. She also cried on the corner.