We cannot talk about the history of office furniture in Korea without FURSYS. In the 1980s, when FURSYS was established, Korean offices had old, uncomfortable still furniture. As the living standards improved, FURSYS responded with modern and smart designs. That was literally revolutionary. Our design never stay the same. My father, the founder, often said the best marketing is a product that sells itself. This belief had led us to create Korea's first, best, and largest R&amp;D center in. Two. Thousand and. Two. Our focus on customer and market trends has driven our steady growth, with annual sales and profits increasing by an average of 12% over the past decade, we nearly tripled in size. In Korea. Like if you say you're from FURSYS like everyone knows the brand. Have you heard about the brand FURSYS FURSYS? No. I think for any brand, the biggest obstacle is distribution. The most challenging part was how to show our brands. I studied materials science at Seoul National University and logistics engineering at MIT, and I didn't initially plan to join the family business. I didn't think I had to work at the company just because my father founded it. While working in McKinsey one night, my father came to me and told me that hey TaeHee, as a founder, I love for you to take over as CEO when I retire. But as your father, I don't want you to sacrifice your life because I know that running a company is not easy. Once you start, you cannot stop. Then I went on a trip with my friends. I've known TaeHee since my university days. I actually accidentally found out when I was doing a study on differential industry, and I saw a familiar name because he has a pretty unique name from Korean names, standards. I'm like, I recognize this name. I'm like, I was looking at him like, hey, is this you? And he's kind of, like, chuckled and laughed about it. You know, when we were growing up and I was thinking about starting my own company, so it was very clear decision for me. But obviously he could take multiple different paths. One day he said to me, while starting from zero is great, but taking an historic step further can be equally rewarding and impactful. I was reminded of the book I loved I'm in College It is Good to Great by Jim Collins. My father has found the good company, in fact, a great company indeed. But what if I can make it greater? And I'm actually quite glad that he decided to, I say take over or really build upon the business that his father created. And what I like about how he approached that too, is he was really trying to understand how to one build a company, that can has a potential to go global and much bigger. Unlike, the founder of the group who prioritized the best in class quality products. He embraced a broader vision and strongly encouraged the marketing initiatives. The way people view office furniture has started to change. Companies these days are serious about keeping the top talents, so good office furniture can show that a company cares about its people. A startup pitching competitions in Korea. The first prize includes a complete office makeover. High vis. This initiative has allowed us to rebrand ourselves as a beloved choice not only for traditional large corporations, but also for startups. We are getting ready to expand globally. This includes directly talking to customers abroad and strategic planning with a company called ideal. Our team faces new challenges every day, like having to do business in English. It's an exciting time for us and even though we can't be sure what the future holds, we are tackling it with flexibility and good sense of humor. The VP of the West Fargo, he mentioned so many times of the same case, but like Airbnb and Facebook, they don't really care about which brand it is. Ironically, Google think of workplace is more important, but they don't care about the furniture brand. Yeah, I'm. An industrial designer and executive design director at Ideo here in San Francisco. Essence of idea is to build the future. We are a design company, so we always have an idea to make things tangible. Experienceable and future. We always want to look forward toward a better state to be in for everyone. We've kicked off research. Two weeks ago, we started in New York, where we spoke with a lot of architect and design leaders in New York, understanding the the current trends and the future trends of the workplace. And I went to the office in the West Coast. I was surprised because there were not many people in the huge office in Korea. The sofas in the offices look professional, but the sofas in the US offices looked casual, homey and cozy. Here in the US, especially in the Bay Area and San Francisco. What we call hybrid work, working entirely remote or working a couple of days in the office is very big. It's part of the culture. They're not coming into the office to do work. They're coming into the office to create connection and collaboration. So offices really need to be flexible. There needs to be fluidity of designing for home, designing for the office, designing for collaboration. So I think right now is a really great moment to disrupt. There have been many meetings with FURSYS. What was interesting after a while. First is they have a made an effort to have a really holistic, broad product line. What sets FURSYS group apart from many other furniture companies is that we have developed and grown specialized brands for both the office and home furniture markets we saw. It was really interesting and valuable FURSYS somebody who would be very focused and just make desk chairs and desks. My name is David Coffey. I am an office furniture dealer. I started my office furniture career in 1998. I worked for Steelcase. I've been in the business now, then my own dealership for 19 years, and maybe the difference between FURSYS in Korea and FURSYS in the United States? One, it's a brand new brand in the United States. In Korea, FURSYS is it's a premium brand. I think in the United States it fortunately, it fits more into a mid-market price point. Customer is going to get a high quality product at a moderate price. And I think this this brand strategy and this marketing strategy for FURSYS will be a huge asset here. My name is Jay Choi and I'm in charge of US business at Purchase. Purchase America is based in Torrance, L.A. County. My vision for Purchase America is to become a reliable and attractive brand in the middle market. Have you heard about the brand crisis? - No I haven't. - No. No I haven't. - No, I haven't heard of forces FURSYS. - I don't think so I have not. No we haven't, we haven't until now. I'm sorry. My name is Lotus Zhang. I majorly was in charge of designing the marketing and CRM, and so actually it was my first time to do those kind of promotion for her visiting the design days, they usually didn't know what FURSYS is when I handing over the replay, they are like quite looks like very like strange. But I tried my best to say like, oh we are from FURSYS. - Yeah I'm from the office. - Of defense. I'm introducing our events to ongoing passengers to describe myself. I just go straight to them and say hello. Would you like to try some cookies? I do not tell them about the brands. I show them those gifts and I say hello. You would like to try these cookies with some coffee and they say why not when they receive that kind of products? And then next I say, well, actually I'm from the brand of office furniture brand. First this and then explain them to come to visit our office located at the somewhere. And that's how I like achieve my goal. I think for any brand the biggest obstacle is distribution. And how do you get to dealers? By by distribution, I mean, how does it get into the marketplace? How do customers buy buy the product? And so one of the largest obstacles for, for us is to get great dealers on board. The US government market there are probably only about like 5 to 7 companies that are dominating the furniture industry there, and they do most of the business. Probably about 90% of the business is actually, dominated by these companies. And like, for example, for Herman Miller, they've been doing business with the federal government for like 40 years. I would say it takes patience. You have to be prepared for a longer period of time where people don't know about you very well. If you are an architect and designer and you've always specked one of the incumbent brands to then switch to FURSYS, for instance, it is you taking a risk. The most challenging part was how to show our brands. So I made the event wall because I think it is very interesting to see how the customer really thinks by putting the stickers on. I came here to New York to see all the new trends. I choose the ergonomic chair. I think the most important is to be comfortable when you work in order to have the maximum capacity. And my last choice. What cafe with barista. Because who doesn't like coffee? Hola. Me nombre es Maria, Los Angeles Flores. Soy la gerente general de furniture. Companhia de Oficinas de Mobiliario Oficinas. Companhia de Mobiliario Oficinas in Panama. Estamos en catorce paises alrededor de Latinoamérica. Una de las tendencias nuestra attention es ver Como el diseno de muebles oficina son mas relatados y naturales. While I am preparing the design this project for three months, I think I became to match myself and forces together. I want to become an important member who made forces to become a global company. In our HQ. We have a big team that works together, but physically in us there's only three. There are some companies that want us to come help at install or maybe like do big projects with them, but we don't have our installation team in the US right now. So in those cases, like we all go together and then like help assembly. They always pour all the energy and their enthusiasm to the what they do and the company, and they really love the company. So that always made me motivated, made me move forward, feels a responsibility and a mission as a leader of them. Building on the solid foundation laid by the previous generation, we've achieved already significant growth in Korea. But as a family business leader and CEO, I feel a strong sense of responsibility and mission. I believe that companies must continually challenge themselves to grow. And office furniture is becoming an increasingly important factor in employee satisfaction. So we try to understand what they aim to achieve in their workplace and help them accomplish it. Many companies was trying to move back to working in the office from working at home. We asked forces for advice how can we create a better office that makes employees want to come back? Projects don't just sell furniture, they also give advice and offer service. That's the reason why all Korean reading campaigns work with focus. We don't just sell a piece of furniture, we ask what they want to achieve. I'm really optimistic. 40 years of dedication to creating really thoughtful, meaningful products. Like a top Korean athletes entering Major League Baseball. We see this moment as our tryout camp. Our expertise in furniture has proven valuable in Korea, and I'm confident it can be a strong foundation for our journey to the American market. Thank you for your time, and we're looking forward to embarking