So there's a popular belief in Silicon Valley of the best way to find startup ideas is to try to solve your own problems. But if everyone in the tech industry is following that path, it leads to this saturation of problems for folks in the tech industry. That's what led us to the insurance industry quickly realized there's unsolved problems everywhere. People we reached out to early on in the industry were quite skeptical. The f first thing I hear is, you know, I just want to tell you, you know, I'm taking this call as a favor, but we don't need your services. We have solved for this already. We're all set. I'm just trying to do this as a favor. And in retrospect, it's like, why would they talk to two random outsiders? People are busy and hear pitches like that all the time. We had that quote in our old office on the wall of that formative moment of we don't need your services. And that company that told us we don't need your services is now one of our largest customers. I'm Jordan. I'm the co-founder and CEO of Commulate. We're transforming the insurance industry with AI. 3 years ago, it seemed crazy to most folks that we wanted to focus on the back office insurance workflows. When you have like two people with no background in doing the thing that they're saying they're going to be able to automate for you, who the heck's going to take those those people seriously? But since then, we've scaled to over eight figures of ARR and we're just getting started. By the time I I was in college, I was starting to try to build software in a software company and spend thousands of hours building actually one product in particular. In reality, I realized as I was going, I was building a huge dumpster fire. Platform had 500 features. is each of them was like 5% built. Through that I realized like how actually complex it was to build great software and I realized I think like I needed to learn how to do that and I wanted to learn how to build great software and I kind of came across and learned about the role of product management and I read this book particularly called cracking the PM interview that sort of several folks had told me to read the author was Jackie who ran product at a sauna it was like 20 pages into it I was like I need to work for for Jackie and that's how I ended up going to a sauna with a mission of I want to learn how build great product from Jackie and then I ended up being able to learn from a lot of other great folk around that. I met my co-founder Michael towards the end of college. I was going to work in product at ASA and Michael reach out cuz he was interested in in understanding what product was like. We met for lunch and it was one of those really one ina- million conversations where you meet someone and think like this person is different. And it sounds pretty crazy, but at that moment, I was actually already thinking like, this might be someone I start a company with. Unfortunately, I think for me, Michael didn't feel that way. He was going to this company that no one knew about called Brex, and he was going to be the 10th hire there. I'm Michael. I'm the CTO and co-founder of Commulate. I was an engineer at Brax uh prior. I joined the company out of college when it was just about 10 people and saw it grow super quickly to over 900 during my time there. Something the Bra founders are really incredible at that I picked up on is being able to see the business at both a 10,000 ft view and a 10-ft view. Even from the very beginning they were thinking about, hey, how do we scale this to being 100 plus billion dollar company at some point and becoming like the global substrate for financial money movement. At the same time, they're extremely good at saying, hey, what growth hacks do we need to do this week to be able to push the company forward? You know, what next feature do we need to build and what should be the design and product mocks to be able to do that? And those two skill sets, it's pretty rare to find in like the same person. And that's a big part of what I found to be really successful in that early state is being able to do both. It was a pretty incredible first job out of college. But also, I had always thought about starting a company. Jordan and I, like I mentioned, we were super good friends and we had been talking about it more and more over time. Jordan had just left his job and it got to a point where we were starting like nights and weekends to work on different startup ideas together. All of these factors seem to come together. It said like, "Hey, if there was a moment to do this, now is definitely it." So, I leave Bra and jump right into starting a company with Jordan. When Michael and I decided we're going to do this together, we actually like didn't know anything about insurance or accounting. From our years at Asana and Brex, we had a few ideas that we were excited about. But as we went through the early process of validating those, talking to the folks that we would try to serve and would be customers, the problems that we thought were worth solving weren't actually in practice, they didn't feel as big as it seemed and and the existing solutions didn't seem as bad as we thought they were. And I think Michael and I really got into the idea of wanting to build something that didn't already exist. We had started learning about insurance and we were immediately stunned by the amount of paper, spreadsheets and time spent like copying information from the analog world to the digital world of very legacy software and back in that we were really especially fascinated by the accounting workflows. We saw that there was you know many intermediaries and in the value chain that sort of bubbled up into this observation. This whole industry has an additional extra version or extra type of accounting that other industries don't have to deal with and there's no good solutions that automate that. Maybe we can develop that solution and that ultimately led to the kind of foundation for commulate. People we reached out to early on in the industry were quite skeptical. It was hard initially to like talk to people in this industry and you relied on like the few second or third degree connection you would have to get a conversation and then the first thing I hear is you know I just want to tell you you know I'm taking this call as a favor but we don't need your services we have solved for this already. We're all set. I'm just trying to do this as a favor. And at the time that was a massive blow to us. We're like oh wow like this is one of like the largest companies into space. if they don't need this, like why would anyone else need it? But then as Baka started diving into it, talking to more people, we kind of got the sense like, hey, he might just not be exposed to this specific problem within his company. And we got more and more evidence many others actually did need our services. And what we spent a ton of time on in the early days was just on Zoom calls with our customers really, really deeply understanding what they're doing. &gt;&gt; And part of what helped us is we weren't salespeople. We were product people like trying to solve a problem and build a solution for these folks. So our questions usually were like very deep about their workflows, about edge cases, about why something was done a certain way in the first place. I remember one of our early customers wrote me a note when they retired because I was issuing them at retirement and they had been instrumental in taking the bet on us in one of those special relationships and they had said 50 years of working at this company working with you was the first time someone who's brought in a product has ever felt like they understood us and to me that kind of indicates the strength of coming in as product person versus a salesoriented mind of being able to build trust and and build the depth of knowledge and domain expertise that lends itself to a customer wanting to believe you can actually solve their problem versus make promises. Luckily for us, there was like just enough special people at a few companies who sort of saw some potential and spend the time and were willing to sort of help us build the initial kernel. It's somewhat luck and finding the right person at the right time, it resonating on on that day and then that conversation going well and a lot happens through that. Luckily, you don't need that many of those experiences and relationships at this point if you can really develop some real core relationships. &gt;&gt; And that company that told us we don't need your services is now one of our largest customers. Even though at the moment it feels like this setback and you're not sure of the viability of what you're doing and whether it's even worth pursuing anymore, if you just keep on persisting and actually getting more information, building up that bottoms up like confidence of what you're working on, it actually led us to persist past that they ended up needing the services. Many people are thinking about AI in terms of like how can you use it to improve existing workflows and this is especially true in traditional industries where like how can you now automate something you couldn't previously automate with the prior you know generation of tools or how to augment humans by writing an email or navigating a website. But I feel like that's not actually the most interesting question. I think the real question is about like what fundamental constraints created these workflows in the first place and do those constraints actually like still exist? If you think about any prior platform shift like web to mobile in the 2010s, the most successful products were actually rethinking what should be on like a mobile app for example, like Instagram for example, as opposed to a lot of the unsuccessful ones just took a normal website and put it into a mobile app and it actually wasn't that compelling. It's because there's actually like new things that are possible, right? You can like drag, you can like multitask, etc. Now with the AI platform shift, it's a similar situation. In this context, it's all based on this foundation of like really understanding what are like the fundamental problems that customers are facing. When customers first come to us, we'll map out their entire process. And it often looks like this like crazy flowchart with like 30 boxes all interconnected. A big part of what we do is look at that and say, "Hey, you can actually simplify this to three or four steps, especially with what software and AI can do. And this is how our product can actually do that." And that uh step of actually simplification rather than just trying to fit the crazy complexity into a product is what actually lets us able to rethink and reimagine what's what's possible. That's the difference between optimizing what exists today versus like reimagining an entire function from scratch. The latter is a completely different opportunity that I think will the winners of that transition will have in common. &gt;&gt; A few years ago when we started the company building software for vertical industries like automating work in them was not that popular. It was a pretty unconventional thing to go into something like the insurance industry's outsiders and try to understand and automate a lot of the work that's happening there. But now it's super hot. So like 70% of the most recent YC batch is now doing AI agents for X industry. I think a big part of that is just because where AI is having the most impact right now are these places that have been pretty untouched by software historically. I think the biggest advice I have is like look where others don't want to look. There's so many reasons that folks will give you to like not explore a space. And frankly, if we had tried to raise our seed round, not doing any discovery or validation before, we would have never done this because everyone told us it was a bad idea. But going out on the field and sort of doing what folks have told you is not a good place to play in. Sometimes that's where the opportunity is. And I really think it's important to like go on a personal mission to find the truth because you never really know their altitude and understanding of a problem until you dive in and try to figure it out yourself. So what has me really excited about the future is there's still hundreds of billions of dollars spent on manual work every year in this space and AI has opened that up into a massive opportunity and we're right at the forefront of being able to take advantage of that &gt;&gt; and that means that to me this is very obviously one of the largest opportunities and you think about the next 10 and 20 years in software that's super exciting for our