Hello, my name is Taeyong Kim, the CEO of EO, short for Entrepreneurship and Opportunities. EO is all about sharing incredible stories of the most innovative entrepreneurs across the globe. Today is a special day for us because we've just hit a significant milestone 100K subscribers on our YouTube channel! Yay! We are incredibly excited about this achievement and I wanted to take this opportunity to share some insights we gained while navigating the international business landscape as well as our vision for the future. So this is a Q&amp;A video. Let's get started. Yes, I knew you would ask this question. A lot of Korean entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley helped us, and we also sent a lot of cold emails and cold LinkedIn messages. And there were a lot of cases where we didn't hear back. But John Kim, CEO of Sendbird, one of the unicorns in Silicon Valley, told us to actively keep sending emails even if didn't hear back. In Korea, this is considered rude behavior. But in the U.S., if you want to get someone's time, you have to be proactive. This advice helped us a lot. So if we didn't hear back from the founders, we send them more email and more cold send messages. Thank you for this question, Shekhar. This is a great question. If you are a first time funder, my recommendation for you is to start with a small thing and gain confidence with small success and snowball your core confidence. So don't think too much. Talk to people, fail fast and learn from failure. Be apart from the people who say negative things to you for a while, it is a long journey. Don't think a startup as a shortcut to success and get a lot of money quickly. It is kind of lifestyle struggle to grow and change the world. A lot of startups fail, but the important thing is doing meaningful failure. You can be failed and it's hard, but it's a part of journey. - I used to fear failures. Failures always hurts. However, through interviewing numerous entrepreneurs and immersing myself in their stories, I realized that my life is full of failures. There was never anything perfect from the beginning, and the best thing were born out of countless failures. Then the moment I started embracing failures, I realized the experience gained from it would elevate me to the higher level as a human being. Success was something that came to me like a gift. As a producer who respect the entrepreneurs, I encourage you to take on many challenges experience failures, cultivate resilience through the iteration. Whether you fail or succeed, you will undoubtedly change along the way. This is a good question, but how would I know? So my answer is there is no perfect way to find business idea which can be unicorn and decacorn. If you want to build a company like Facebook, YouTube, Airbnb and Uber, you have to find a big problem. So if you are a student and you want to be a CEO someday, my recommendation is go to the early stage startup and explore how to work and how to think business idea and develop the idea to the product. I think that is the best way to learn startups. Starting a global channel was completely different challenge. At the very beginning, there were only two full time members, Taeyong and myself. Of course, the whole team helped us with our business trip and arranging interviews. When it came to the editing and actual videos in creating storylines, it was the only two of us. Honestly, we don't have a lot of money and we couldn't hire a lot of people. And the market is sinking. But luckily we have five people and there are two production managers who can film fascinating videos. Yeah so you can look forward to more videos frequently on our YouTube channel. My key takeaways from meeting great entrepreneurs in the world were that if you want to create new things and innovate the world, being surrounded by good and optimistic people who want to help you first give you positive energy. People are affected by other people and you are not an exception. Doing startup is difficult, and don't spend your time meeting the people who say your idea is bad. You can't do that. Instead, start with a small, Meet Good people, dream big and you can be failed, But it is okay. Our next milestone is to reach 1 million subscribers ASAP with financially sustainable. We just set up our office in Palo Alto in Silicon Valley to expand our market to the States, and we have a plan to visit Southeast Asian countries like Vietnam, Indonesia and Singapore to discover new business opportunities next week. The Southeast Asian market is witnessing remarkable growth, with its rapidly expanding population, increasing consumer purchasing power and a thriving digital economy. Southeast Asia presents abundant opportunities for companies looking to tap into the market potential. EO is also hosting a super fun event in Jakarta, Indonesia. It called Entrepreneurs Night Global Networking event for connecting Entrepreneurs, investors and startup professionals will take place on June 6th. Rub shoulders with diverse participants, showcase yourself during an open mic session and be ready for new opportunities for collaboration and funding. So check out the registration link in the video description for tickets before they sell out. So thank you for watching and I will see you all soon.