September 10th, I was leaving work around 4:30 p.m. and that tomorrow never came because the building collapsed. Then I began to have, like nightmares about what would have happened to me if I was in that building. I thought about how important life is. And it's all about carpe diem, because tomorrow might never come. And ultimately, that decision was made when Lehman Brothers went bankrupt because I realized I spent my whole entire 20s creating these toxic securities. And that's when I realized Okay I need to do something good for the world. Finally, in 2013, I quit my job And drive across the country to get a job in Silicon Valley. My name is Jina Kim and I worked in Silicon Valley for about ten years. Prior to that, I was a Java programmer and investment banker at Lehman Brothers. What I focus on is helping startups grow in terms of customer journey and go-to-market strategy and helping them also with just growing their customers. So I started my career as a Java programmer at Lehman Brothers in 2000. From there, I moved to the banking side in 2005 when there was when there was a huge real estate boom in the US. At first that seems really exciting. They give you a six figure salary, they take you out to this amazing event. You go to basketball games and they have a private room for you, etc But I think that the excitement kind of wears off first First thing in the morning. I would come in, I would review the mortgage loans, then I would just create this financial model and create a presentation for the senior bankers. And then they are the ones that are making decisions. Nobody is telling me. Okay Jina, What do you think about improving the process? No one's asking for my opinion. All basically my focus is not making a mistake when I'm entering information about the loans. Yeah so September 10th, I was leaving work around 4:30 p.m. My manager at the time saw me leaving and he said, Where are you going? Do you think this is half day? He was joking. We had a very good relationship and I told him, It's okay, I'll finish the work tomorrow. And that tomorrow never came because the building collapsed. And at the time I was working on 40th floor. And then I began to have, like, nightmares about what would have happened to me if I was in that building. I thought about how important life is, and it's all about carpe diem, because tomorrow never might never come. So in 2008, one of my coworkers decided to quit. And this was even before the whole bubble popped. I asked him, Why do you want to quit? And he said, I'm actually starting a company with one of my co-founders. His name was John Zimmer and he's the CEO of Lyft. So when John told me about the idea first, I was really shocked because John to me was really a quiet guy. He didn't seem like someone who would make that kind of dramatic decision. Second thing was that at the time, Lehman Brothers was still a great job to have. I just didn't understand why he would just give up all that Later also, I heard the interview that he used to actually drive to Cornell Every weekend to talk to students about trying out his startup. And ultimately, that decision was made when Lehman Brothers went bankrupt, because I realized I spent my whole entire 20s creating these toxic securities. And investigators actually called me and said, can you testify at the court for Lehman Brothers creditors? And that's when I realized Okay I need to do something good for the world. Finally, in 2013, I quit my job. At the time, I was 34, drive across the country to get a job in Silicon Valley. The first thing I did was look up coworking spaces because I knew that that's where I could network and mingle with engineers. I found this one in Mountain View called Hacker Dojo. I rented a desk there and literally I took my laptop and I just stand next to engineers and just talk to them. And they told me about this website called AngelList. A lot of the people that want to get into startups, they'll look at job postings there. I honestly thought I would get a job at like Facebook or Google or something like that. I would look for a job for about six months because a lot of the companies, they didn't want to hire someone from Wall Street or Lehman Brothers. So in a way, my career in Lehman Brothers was almost like a scarlet letter. So literally what I did was on AngelList. I looked up any jobs that are related to finance and technology. Yeah, that's where I found eShares or Carta. eShares/Carta, What they do is they allow you companies to issue electronic securities to their investors or their employees in the private market. When Henry told me about what eShares is about, I realized that this is a very big problem and it's an interesting problem to solve. Before Carta all of this information about the stocks and stock options, that was all taken care of by law firms. Now, law firms are very expensive. Lawyers are expensive. A lot of founders, before they raise money, they would try to do it themselves. So they would keep the information about who owns what in a Excel spreadsheet. There was really no job posting for operations person. There was only a job posting for engineers. But I figured, why not let me let me see if they were looking for someone like me. And then finally in September, Henry, who was the CEO of Carta at the time, it was called eShares. He said, Sorry, we already have an operations manager. And then on Friday, he reached out to me again and he said, actually, our operations manager quit today. And I think it's serendipitous that you reached out to me this week. So are you still interested in the job? And I said yes. So my very first task was really ordering lunches for everybody. So at the time I think we were using DoorDash, so figuring out how to use DoorDash to order lunches. I think that was the my first task. And it was again, like not really easy because I had to make sure that I order by 10:30 a.m. Otherwise the lunch would not get there by 12. And then the engineers, they would get cranky. For me, actually it was really fun because Henry really trusted me from the beginning and all the things that he wanted me to take care of, even payroll. He just gave me all the access. From the beginning. I realized like, Wow, I have all this responsibility and I have to figure it out. For the first time since college, I was actually like using my brain to solve problems and it was very exciting. I made a lot of mistakes as an operations manager, so one thing I did was I was juggling a lot of things and I sent the wrong file to a customer and it was a very sensitive file. And this was like around 6 p.m. and Henry, he had already left. And I made this mistake. I said, Oh, no, what am I going to do? I've only worked here for a month and now I'm going to be fired. But I decided I'm going to call him anyway. And then I told him the situation and he said, Oh, that's fine, just apologize. And he said, You know, Jina, you need to have thick skin to work at a startup. It's okay that you're going to make mistakes and I totally trust you. And that really changed me because you're going to make mistakes. When you have good people that you work with, they're not going to blame you for it. You're going to all work together to figure things out. We had a very good team in the very beginning. We had very motivated employees who were not worried about failure and try things out because no one knows what's the right answer. Around February, March of 2014, we did an interview with TechCrunch and we told them about how cap tables are broken and we're here to fix that problem and disrupt that space. Around the same time, there was an article about how 409A valuation, which was how stock options are valued. That space is also broken. And once we got that momentum from the TechCrunch article, we said, okay, this is a problem that we can also fix as well. So we started working on that foreign DNA problem and then added that feature in as part of Carta. And that really was the tipping point for us. I also had that sort of imposter syndrome. I always felt like an imposter. So because I come from a completely different background, I was an investment banker. I had no idea how startups worked. And so as we grew, we got all these amazing people to join. They have a lot of experience either on private markets or startups in general. When I started working with them again, I just felt like okay, do I really belong here anymore? Maybe my knowledge is not great. I think, again, you kind of have to have that thick skin, realize that you have that unique insight and that unique insight is not something that anyone can take from you. And so for me, having that investment banking background actually did help me also as I grew with Carta in New York, like at least like in Wall Street, people focused on, I think, the present. So like when you get a job offer, right, people don't care about the stock options. They care about how much money that you're getting as of now. But in Silicon Valley, there's more emphasis on the future. When you have your job offer, you need to look at what your salary is going to be and how many stock options you're going to be getting. If you really believe in that company, you really need to exercise those stock options At Carta, what I saw was a lot of people, when they leave companies, they end up not exercising their stock option and then they regret it. If they don't tell you what percent of the company you're getting, you should also ask that. So when I moved from Wall Street to Silicon Valley, my salary was cut in half and it was difficult. But it was again, what you want to do, then you do have to make that sacrifice. Since 2013, my stock options basically went up by 200 times. For me, that was the price of the risk that I took. I'm really happy with the risk that I took. And even if you fail, there's going to be so much that you learn from it. And there are so many other opportunities that that are going to come to you. In Silicon Valley. Crazy idea is not really a crazy idea Here, everything is possible. And so people accept that and that having that underlying assumption is so important and knowing that people are going to accept you as is. Back when Tesla started, no one believed electronic cars can be possible. Now that I've been in Silicon Valley for ten plus years, what I realized is that Success is something that I define. It's not it's not about money. It's about whether I am doing what I want to do. There are all these, like very successful people, Elon Musk or Reid Hoffman, who started like LinkedIn. Why are they still working? Like, why are they still helping startups and investing? And I think it's because, like, as we get older, we have our own definition of success that has nothing to do with what the society tells us. And it might change every year. It might constantly evolve. But unless we achieve that success, We're not going to be happy in life. To me, I'm going to work till I die because this is what I enjoy. And what is the meaning of life if you're not doing something that you enjoy I feel like I was definitely lucky in terms of finding the job at Carta If I didn't actually decide to quit my job in Wall Street, I wouldn't have found that luck Right now, using the experience that I had helping out startups, I'm trying to start my own business as well, and then continue to just focus primarily on helping startups become the next unicorn. This is again, like kind of like the next chapter in my life, and maybe I'm not going to be successful doing this. I might have to go back to working for another company or another business Again, I love the fact that I'm challenging myself to get to that. Another success. And yeah, that's that's pretty much it.